261	1	The Strange Silence of No-Lockdown 
261	3	20 million people are closed in their homes. withdrawal. to the domestic. The residents of Shanghai, the first city per population in China and the third in the world, are undergoing a very severe lockdown.
261	5	20 million people are closed in their homes. withdrawal. to the domestic. The inhabitants of Shanghai, the first city per population in China and the third in the world, are subjected to a very severe lockdown in the name of the remarked “Covid Zero” policy. Politics that is more than smoking the contagion is throwing to the ground the already limited freedom of the Chinese. Desert roads, families remained without food and impossible to get out of their homes even for the essential needs, supermarkets caught by the hungry crowd, positive detained against their will in Covid centers that seem prisons. It is a “sanitary disaster” faced by which the world seems silent. What end did those who, in our latitudes, for almost two years have denounced an inexisting health dictatorship? Why does no one launch petitions, hashtags, photos and sit-in protests against the human rights violations of the Beijing regime? Where did the fervor end with which all the sacred freedoms defended? Some suspicion, from these parts, we cultivate it. In the face of the images of the “deportations” of the sick in the Chinese megalopoly, the idea that in Italy there was a health dictatorship unfounded in ridicule and remains naked in all its pretext. And, suddenly, the one who stood up until a few weeks ago, now has lost the words. Per because many of them have passed directly from the No Vax triangle to the pro Putin triangle. And, you know, the fascination for autocracies is contagious: it takes a moment to get to defend the Chinese regime as well. The short circuit is perfect.
26101	1	A chimpanzee would do better than Gigino Di Maio: it is so ignorant to let Farnesina publish a map where it exchanges Moldova for Ukraine
26101	3	After Matera in Puglia and Russia wet from the Mediterranean, foreigners don’t know how to distinguish Ukraine from Moldova. As they say, we are in a iron bottle...with the locks inside.
26101	5	I was wrong, a chimpanzee in occupying that job would make less harm.
26101	6	It is better when Gigino is used by NATO as Corvo Rockfeller.
26101	7	It is interesting to note how suddenly, for the media of the regime, it has become an untouchable.
26101	8	The NATO propagandist apparatus makes squadrism against the opponents and offers media protection to its lakches.
26101	9	This character, without media coverage, would be evaporated from a piece.
26101	10	Whatever it is, the tweet is almost a situationist work.
26101	12	“We would like to understand what Farnesin would mean with this tweet.
26101	13	Because either the card is wrong, and it would be quite serious, or the aid sent them to the wrong country (and it would be even more serious..).
26101	14	Any other hypothesis would mean that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is unable to explain itself.”26102
26102	3	“We would have worked for the draw to the CSM, so to break the mechanism. We would have revolutionized the responsibility of the judge who is wrong,” the Florentine senator writes in his book The Mostro. This is why the currents, first among all Md, didn’t want Gratteri to become a guard. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. It was Renzi, yesterday, during the presentation of his book, to confirm the worst version, the one that was now entrusted to the retroscene. “Giorgio Napolitano,” he told, “using the prerogatives of the Constitutional Charter, he told me that he didn’t want Gratteri Minister of Justice. The point.”
26102	5	The head of state did nothing but to practice the veto of the currents, worried about defending the status quo. “Not only the Democratic Judiciary, but also the Unicost,” of the centralist area, “was absolutely contrary to Gratteri’s candidacy, because it would go there against the currencies. Other people did not appreciate Gratteri for his not exactly guaranteeing positions. But there is no shadow of doubt that Gratteri, at that time, was an element of absolute breakdown of the system, of true breakdown.”
26102	7	This is the only way to get a lot of money and get a lot of money and get a lot of money. And it’s a sin, because – for example – on the reasons of Sergio Mattarella’s veto to the appointment of Paolo Savona as Minister of Economy of the first government Conte we know everything, having provided the same president of the Republic to explain them immediately (willed in that role a character that was not “vised as a supporter of a line that could provoke Italy from the euro”). The reasons that turned Napolitano to make own the demands of Md and the other currents remain empty in the mystery, and the Italians cannot judge whether they were taken in the interests of the country, the sole judicial or part of it. “I have an aura rule: the conversations with the Pope and the President of the Republic do not return,” Renzi explains to justify his silence on the topic. “The historical facts are clear, however,” Giorgio Napolitano said, “I Gratteri don’t sign it.” So nothing has changed in these years, and it is also confirmed by the double standard on the topic of sexual harassment, which sometimes scandalize and some are ignored. “It is fairly controversial for what has happened in Rimini,” Renzi said, referring to the event that he has seen protagonists some alpines, “we are angry, due, for phenomena of “cat calling”, of verbal harassment, which are to be condemned with decision, and at the same time it feels not to see that a chief prosecutor of the republic,” i.e. Giuseppe Creazzo, from room in Florence until a few weeks ago, “at the margins of a meeting of the National Association of Magistrates, as the verbal of the Csm reports, palpeggia and sexual harassment a colleague. And the penalty is a loss of two-month age. Do you understand that then the citizen begins to think that there are two weights and two measures?
26103	3	The spring should bring a wind of fresh air, but to read the newspapers these days is confusing to read how, after years of austerity and misery and despite pandemies and wars, the guardians of orthodoxy continue to bring us the usual recipes.
26103	5	On 23 May, the European Commission published the Country Reports, i.e. the reports with which the Commission shows the results of its monitoring of the economic and social conditions of the Member States, expressing a series of advice with which it actually starts the process of monitoring (but not only) the budget policies of the Member States. A monitoring that, within the framework of the post-pandemic recovery plan, is linked double-line to the allocation of the funds of the Next Generation EU program and, therefore, to the PNRR. As the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen recalled, in reference to the specific recommendations for each country, “until now it was only on the countries to comply with them or not, but now the recommendations are related to subsidies and potential loans.”
26103	7	It’s also about Italy, and it’s about to read it.
26103	9	Now on the first page, the report tells us “who we are and from where we come”, and it’s the only thing we have to thank it because with a simple chart it reminds us, deleting the unbearable rhetoric of the various “best” that have happened, that from the 2008 financial crisis not only the gap with the other European economies has dramatically increased, but even the pandemic catches Italy with a real GDP even less than 3% compared to the pre-2008 level; the rest is recent history: the fall of the most important GDP in Europe during 2020, a “rise” that – unlike what happens in other countries – is largely insufficient to recover the ground, the lost line of the GDP returns to the war with the other European economies, and it’s not always less than an absolute level in 2008
26103	11	What the report, see case, is forgotten to say is that in these fifteen years – and especially from 2011 to the beginning of the pandemic – we have been among the most diligent students in carrying out the “work at home” (legis: apply the austerity measures with continuous primary advances and eliminate that little social measures that remained), faithfully applying the “suggestions” that we found in the reports of the previous years: indeed, a reading that to want to be honest equals a mourning of the “master”, and not of the pupil.
26103	13	But it’s so much: the report dedicated to Italy makes a pleasant breakthrough and returns to us the usual recipe made of cuts, reforms and (one novelty) “attending the PNRR...”.
26103	15	Continuing in the description of the existing, report extensors regret that – even due to non-temporary measures taken in the last two years – the public deficit will continue to exceed the magical threshold of 3%, regreting the good times (for them) of 2019, when we had reduced it to 1.5% also thanks to an impressive series of primary advances: yet today we know well what this meant during the pandemic, for example in terms of lack of services, hospital staff, beds or chicken classes and fatigue structures (just to quote two sectors among the most affected).
26103	17	It continues with the “excessive macroeconomic balances”. Disbalances which, in the Commission language, are translated as “excessive public debt”. A public debt to be cut indiscriminately, especially by reducing public spending. In this way, the already dramatic situation of public services in Italy and unemployment will be worsened. This is obviously an imbalance that the Commission can tolerate.
26103	19	In addition, it is quoted as the “structually weakness of the labour market,” although the Commission must recognize that the partial recovery of the employment level after the pandemic is essentially due to precarious work. 
26103	21	Last but not least, the report reminds us that Italy is among the most dependent European countries on Russian gas, and that therefore it is likely to accuse more of the economic counterconflicts of the war.
26103	23	If this is the state of art, the look at the future is if possible even more depressive: said of the need to take back the march towards the balance of budget (and with good peace of those who go out for the suspension of the stability treaty: the rest, if we are the best, the austerity we self-inflict it...), all the hopes seem to be rejected in the salvative properties of the PNRR, compared to which it is remembered that Italy is the largest beneficiary in absolute terms and one of the only four countries to have requested access also to loans.
26103	25	As we have explained elsewhere, this intervention is largely insufficient when not openly contradictory, what really impresses is to see in line the various “reforms” associated with the PNRR: cutting the bureaucracy to heal a public administration “not sufficiently responsive to the needs of” (sic!The reform of the public employment (and the example brought is that of the specialists on a determined time taken directly for the management of the PNRR), liberalizations (especially for public services, local transport, water, dirt, etc.In fact, all the stuff already seen and heard, and unfortunately often already applied, to the point that we know so well the negative effects on our quality of life.
26103	27	For the rest, little more, including a tax system to be reformed by moving the weight more on consumption taxes (and are put in mind in particular the facilitated rates, i.e. the tool to try to mitigate the effects of a structurally regressive tax) and on real estate (including the first house).
26103	29	The European Commission is still in good (ex, bad) company: on May 17 the annual surveillance mission in Italy of the International Monetary Fund was concluded, and even in this case, before leaving, experts considered it appropriate to leave us some advice: in addition to asking as a broken disk “a credible double strategy to significantly reduce high deficit and debt in the medium term”, this report focuses more on the economic consequences of the war by clariising that “the tax response to the energy shock should be more contained than what happened for the pandemic”; the “solutions” in this case are identified in the EU REPower plan (which practically) and on no social bonus (the recently insufficient decree). Even in this case, the most interesting thing is in what the report doesn’t say: in the presence of failed bills, go also to give some spice to those more on the ground, but it’s hard to demand a deeper and structural intervention of the state in regulating the market; even the shy interventions on some bills such as tax and system loads are disadvantaged because “although this immediately reduces the prices for households and, energy efficiency is disincentivated and the benefits are to the benefit of all consumers.”
26103	31	In conclusion, the European Commission and the International Monetary Fund appeal to the order, in fact repeating the same recipes thanks to which we were found without tools before the pandemic disaster.
26103	33	We know that the improvement of our quality of life goes on a exactly opposite way: the rise of social spending by the state and local authorities (which also means current spending for example to pay for doctors, nurses, teachers, etc.Consistent environmental and energy policies, stable employment contracts and decent wages, a truly progressive tax system.
26103	35	As never today, to these goals, we need to get free from the “bad advice and advisers” of the past, even in the form self-imposed by our politics.
26105	3	“I have read that in these hours there is a part of the Movement that has proposed a resolution booth that disallines us from the NATO and the EU alliance – says the owner of the Farnesina da Gaeta – the NATO is a defensive alliance, if we disalline we put the security of Italy in question.”
26105	5	He added: “NATO is a defensive alliance. We don’t comment and don’t want to remember the offensive crimes of the Atlantic Alliance, we simply invite you to read the book of the U.S. intellectual Noam Chomsky and the philosopher and scientist Andre Vltchek under the title “Western Terrorism”, where you’ll find everything you have to know about the topic. We do not even comment on the presence of dozens of nuclear tests to the direct orders of the NATO masters present in our territory, which, if so, put our security at risk, present and future.
26105	7	We don’t just comment on it because in fact, the words of Luigi Di Maio, retrieved by the Republic yesterday, bring him the right to overcome the fundamentalist delusions of a Molinari or any Riotta.
26105	9	But another aspect is interested in bringing your attention and is the histeria with which the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Republic had raised the “scandal” so in advance.
26105	11	After the ridiculous peace plan raised from all over the world, the farnesina rental company and the Fiat newspaper are working back.
26105	13	Why it is said soon.
26105	15	On June 21, Mario Draghi will be forced to go to Parliament. It would do not, and probably in the next legislation this incumbent before a European Council will be removed. But for now it will be forced. And the majority parties must define a shared resolution.
26105	17	For those, like Conte and Salvini, who in recent weeks have expressed criticism (in words) on the sending of secreted weapons to the Kiev regime – which have made Italy a co-believing country against a vital nuclear power for our economy – all the nodes inevitably come to the petine. 
26105	19	So what are the Republic and May fears and what is the urgency of this coordinated exit?
26105	21	Simply that someone can slightly force the hand, when our “allies” ask blind obedience to their dictates.
26105	23	The leader of the M5S has from his very simple foolish move, which if not collected will put him right among the worst Quisling of recent Italian history: immediately remove to the government the delegation in white given by TUTTI the parties of majority and majority masked as Fratelli d’Italia (precedent law with a vote of confidence in the Senate last March 31). A white delegate who, let’s remember, allowed Draghi, Di Maio and Guerini to pass three subsequent decrees – hidden in Parliament – with a number of secreted and undecrypted weapons that have arrived in Kiev and probably to the neo-Nazi battles that even in these hours are shaken of crimes against the civil population of the Donbass.
26105	25	This is what Di Maio and the Republic are afraid of, so much to make them back to operate coordinated, despite the misery failure of the famous peace plan spread by the Fiat newspaper.
26105	27	After the shameful vote given in Parliament also by his 5 Star Movement – with the exception of Vito Petrocelli who paid with the unlawful withdrawal from the position of president of the Foreign Commission that his choice – Conte can make a foolish shock to NATO vassals and the most extremist guerrillers, simply welcoming the invitation of Mattia Crucioli of Alternativa and president of the new-group CAL. In a letter that, like the Anti-Diplomatic we have published on Wednesday, Crucioli called on all parliamentarians “to write together” a resolution that removes the government’s white delegation on the matter.  
26105	29	Not to block the shipment of weapons, but to allow the Parliament to return sovereign and to vote on each decree. Each party must be made responsible before the public on every future choice and the Parliament must be informed of how many and what weapons have been delivered to Kiev.
26105	31	What do you expect to receive that invitation?
26105	33	This is what they are afraid of May and the Republic. 
26105	35	It is the only way to get rid of it, but it is the only way to get rid of it, it is the only way to get rid of it. A new article on Wednesday.
26106	1	G7 in Monaco: They count so little that it doesn’t interest even the protesters anymore
26106	3	Germany takes the leadership of the G7, but it doesn’t matter to anyone. The G7 looks like a circle of ARCI retired, where they meet former powers that once were something, and now spend time illuminating themselves of being it still. A little like Prodi, who is now going to preach on TV thinking it’s still something, but that, after having disappointed Italy and flirted a little with everyone. It no longer counts anything.
26106	5	The G7 is now counting so little that even the anti-demonstrations, organized by the usual fine-alternative organizations, such as WWF, Attac and other “Environmentalist” organizations have floped. A colossal flop: the police expected 20 thousand people, at the end only 3500 arrived. At the end, four cats, who launched a ridiculous demonstration “Why there is the climate crisis, because the extinction of the species is at risk” and the other amenities that have now become banal.
26106	7	In addition, it has a sense to manifest to a group of people who, on the one hand, are the forgers of these organizations, on the other hand, no longer count anything. Biden is in difficulty facing inflation. Johnson is in trouble for the economy, but also for internal problems, with the mid-party that rebels him, between scandals and electoral flop. Scholz, who is not Merkel, is the leader of a contradictory majority and an economy near the recession and de-industrialization. Macron has lost the legislation, he governs, but he does not rule as before. Draghi is a failure manager of Italy put by others. Only Trudeau and Kishida are in silk, with also their economic problems, although secondary compared to those in the US.
26106	9	At the end of the G7 nothing interests anyone: it’s enough to know the confusing decisions of the U.S. presidency to have an idea of what’s happening elsewhere. The EU is only an executor: even if Germany, France and Italy wanted to do something different, a Von Der Leyen telecomanded by the Dem would come and send them back. So the G7 goes well for photos and,, for a nice beer, but politically it doesn’t matter anything, just nothing.
26109	1	The Vice-President of the Russian Security Council turns to attack the incident: “The level of politicians is down. It is clear to all that Mario Draghi is not Silvio Berlusconi and Olaf Scholz is not Angela Merkel” – “The great leaders of the past were not Russofobians, and they are states replaced by a new generation of weak people who define themselves as technocrates...”
26109	3	The level of Western politicians has “falled down” and “I’ve seen it with my eyes over the past 20 years.” In Europe, for example, “there is no trace of political characters at the level of Helmut Kohl, Jacques Chirac or Margaret Thatcher” and “there is no offensive to anyone, but it is clear to all that Mario Draghi is not Silvio Berlusconi, and Olaf Scholz is not Angela Merkel.”
26109	5	Speechs of the Vice President of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, Dmitry Medvedev, that in a new message on Telegram again shakes against Europe. According to the former Prime Minister and former President of Russia, the great leaders of the past, who “have never been Russofobians,” have been replaced by a new generation of “weak people” who “conventionally call themselves technocrats.
26109	7	Some of them are quite skilled specialists, but nothing more. And here is the problem! These people are able to correctly formulate an idea, give precise instructions to assistants. But I can’t take responsibility.” “They are trying to hide, hide, talk about conjunctions, even climate change, but they don’t make a decision. Or they take it with a catastrophic delay. And that’s already a total trouble.”
26110	1	Crisis of drought and desertification: this is why revolutionary ecology is needed
26110	3	The drought has hit Italy with a new and stronger wave: the rivers are dry, the waters flourish, and agriculture suffers – from north to south – for the moisture of the land and sudden attacks of parasites and cavalettes, as is happening these days in the inner areas of Sardinia. This is not a biblical scenario but the torride Italian spring-summer of 2022. What should a nation be doing by will and not by fatalism? Here is a reflection on the topic.
26110	5	Desertification and Desertification
26110	7	As you can already imagine, the problem is more serious and articulated than the simplistic narration that environmentalists are doing compared to the water emergency. The solph is always the same, but it doesn’t help... rather, saying that the antropization and human work cause the climate disturbance that on unified networks is denounced almost daily means offering a decisive aid to the desert. The problem, it seems obvious to say, but it’s good to repeat it, is first and foremost political – and with politics I mean what the highest can be attributed to this term. But first let’s see what’s going on, and let’s raise some myth: when we talk about droughts the thought goes immediately to the summer period, the season without or with little rain for excellence. And in general, it is so, because it has always been so. At least since Somebody or something has pushed our planet into the dancing of rotation and oscillation around the Sun. Dryness is not a summer event, or better, it finds its destructive foam in the summer. In fact, the problem is of the autumn and/or winter period because in these periods, when land and waterfalls should be “resisted” with the water needed to cope with the heat, there is instead that lack of rain that the most stupid affirm shockingly in the summer. In particular, the snow is important to accumulate in quantities on the mountains, in order to then release the water more slowly during the spring dissolving phase. It is therefore counted that the causes of drought, especially in northern Italy, will be searched more on the Padana plateau, since as it should be known thanks to a school geographical atlante all the so-called affluents of the left of the Po (Mincio, Adda, Ticino, Oglio etc.) are of ice origin, i.e. their scope is regulated by the seasonal breakdown of the alpine glaciers. The same speech for the great lakes as the one of Garda and Como, the same speech for the great non-affluent rivers of the Po which, however, swim the whole northeast, such as the Adige, the Isonzo and the Piave. It’s a good idea to be able to do this, but it’s a good idea to be able to do this.
26110	9	Question of Will
26110	11	Before facing a more philosophical than practical discourse, it is useful to make historical accents, at least for the honor of the truth, both on the so-called climate question and on the avant-garde works carried out by Italy at the beginning of the last century. Let’s give a few reference points to understand what we’re talking about: the climate issue has as the main topic the Earth’s temperature rise, which is an objective data as a result of numerous scientific findings. However, the perception that we have thanks to media over-exposition is that the temperature is rising and is continuing to rise by several degrees. In fact, we know that since the year when the temperatures began to be recorded scientifically and objectively, that is, from 1880, 140 years ago, the temperature on Earth has risen by 0.9 degrees. To this fact it must be added that around the middle of the 800s a period defined small ice age, which began in the middle of the 1400s, has ended; it goes by itself, as the name suggests that during these centuries the earth has experienced a period of cooling especially in the northern hemisphere: we have witnesses of glaciates that have allowed to walk on the Tamigi. It is a natural consequence, always through that “touch” that has given the way to the oscillation of this geoid called Earth, that from the end of the “small” ice period the temperatures have gone hand by hand up. Not to mention the great ice periods that we know have been events of geological scope, the last “only” 14,000 years before Christ. A needle beat for natural cycles of such a wide scope. From this objective data, however, there are two currents of thought to say unsubjective, at the limit of fatalist superstition. I trust the words of the doctor. Guglielmo Pannullo, who in an article for the 2020 Student Block well exposed these currents: “The skeptics and catastrophists – he explains – have two diametrally opposite points of view on the causes of global warming, and until a few years ago the discussion was mainly related to the Anglo-Saxon world. The full of discussion is the reason for this increase, not the amount. The role of the information world and the lobbies around the topic has led to the polarization of the positions and the formation of these two opposite spheres. As regards the skeptics – continues Pannullo – it is to the position of Prof. Zichichi, of which a few months ago a interview for Il Primato Nacional came out, who claims that the models today on the prediction of climate change are unpredictable, since the climate is a phenomenon that has so many variable factors that cannot be absolutely predicted with a mathematical model. As a result, he believes that the causes of global warming are linked to external activity on Earth, such as the solar, and yet not because of man. Globally, however, the credibility of the skeptical component, in some cases, has been put into strong debate as a result of the discovery that some exhibitors or supporters of global non-heating have been consultants of oil companies such as the Exxon, the Shell the Texaco etc. On the contrary, the catastrophic component attributes the responsibility of climate change to man, seeing in the excess CO2 and in the climate emissions the causes of global warming. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) is a group of scientists who do not monitor environment or climate but study scientific publications, research products and report with a period of more or less five years. This latest 2014 report highlights how most scientists believe that humans are likely to be the cause of global warming.”
26110	13	It is therefore clear, thanks to this exhaustive explanation, how serious the environmental fact is a problem of perspectives, polluted without too many turns of words by a vision of the Jewish-Christian world (“Be fertile and multiply, fill the earth and reside it, dominate the fish of the sea and the volatile of the sky and every living striking on the earth” – Genesis 1,22) which contains the separation between man and cosm that comes through the secularization of the West to the capitalist and Marxist vision: that materialist, where the environment is different, is part of the capital, exploits the value of use and makes materially useful all that surrounds us. But the problem then – you’ll say – are men. This is not the case, because as much as catastrophists and hyppie can say, man is the decisive ecological agent for the re-balance of ecosystems.
26110	14	The solution is man.
26110	16	The solution is man. The solution is politics. If man is an animal, ordered in the cosmos together with all living things, he is for sure a political animal, i.e. community, solidarity, aggregation, technical and historical. Our nature deprived of a predestined habitat (such as the oceans for the plancton) moves us towards the organization of our space according to our political instinct. Couple, family, tribe, village, city, region, state, nation, empire... are all forms of organization not only social, but above all natural. Or rather, let’s stop thinking what is social and political as something distinct and separated from our lives, separated and enemy of nature. The first step of revolutionary ecology is to reject the schemes of the homo oeconomicus according to which the main characteristics of a man are the rationality (understood in precipuous sense, especially as precision in calculation) and the exclusive interest in the care of his own individual interests. Consumption, intense production, exploitation of the environment and precarious work are non-cause effects. We also reject the illuminist myths of the good wild that brings with it that kind of biological racism that considers the industrial society higher than that tribal, but is moved by the good feelings of bringing the tribes to their level by force. The problem is ideological: if one considers the problem only as a fatalist key “it’s forcibly so”, then the desert will continue to advance and harass our land. Let’s go to the problem of drought.
26110	17	A political problem
26110	19	After the due premise, always useful to this kind of speech that moves on ideologically mined fields, we pass to our water crisis, from the problem to the source. The problem, solved by the philosophers, is of political will that acts on the national territory to support it, modify it and improve it. Italy – at least over the past 80 years – has abandoned any prospects of industrial, energy, agricultural, naval, demographic and educational power. A perspective that brings with it the necessary corollary of infrastructure and laws that can ensure that power manifests in the cities as well as in the metropolities. The mountains are populous, the cities explode, the work is precarious and promises not land and roots but wealth, denatality kills us, the school is precarious. Dryness is a symptom of our sick society: an unhealthy people turn their land into a desert, but above all by renouncing to modify the land, to work on the waters, silk and by renouncing a regulated urbanization they allow the desert to manifest themselves. If man is not good, if he is hysterical, consumer, evanescent, exploited and ill, how do we claim that his home and his environment are better? Nature is our mirror: try to enter a forest alone, at night; you will see that it will be filled with the spirit with which we have entered: scary if we are not balanced, welcoming if we bring consciousness with us. It would therefore be the first duty of a revolutionary ecology to work on men, starting from an absolute principle that coats with the global vision of progress theories: “criminal is everything that has as effect to eradicate a human being or to prevent it from putting roots.” As a result, the rest comes: from how much has Italy abandoned the support to bonification consortiums, to landing works, to strategic plantations of office plants and forests, to urban planning of urban and rural centers, to energy independence first local and then national? Italy must return to a geographical thought, take back the map of its territory and have a 360° look at the whole territory. Dryness is combated by favouring waterways, working on reserve and means of aid to agriculture in an economic context voted for healthy work and not for intense exploitation of goods and landscapes. Healthy work for workers, according to the legislation that the pioneers of the third Italian road left us, healthy environment as we were taught by the ecological works carried out by Italy during the malignant twenty of the last century, both on its soil and on the colonies. And then again to look for water, like the ancient rabdomans, again to study the wealth of our soil and our seas in search of new resources. At least for the future there is hope, because from a digital generation the highest number of subscribers to agricultural addresses and environmental faculty has gone out. Imagine is the most natural act that can be, then we must give a reason to live here, on this earth and under this heaven. They are not easy solutions, they have the same scope as a geological cataclysm, but it is good to start talking about them and open concrete revolutionary agenda, which already now risks to overcome the delay caused by the senile dementia that afflicts us as a people and civilization. This is not an abstraction, but an impellent need.26111
26111	3	“In contrast to Washington’s triumphal statements, Russia is winning the war and Ukraine has lost the war. On the long-term damage to Russia the debate is open.” Graham E. Fuller, former Vice-President of the National Intelligence Council at the CIA, who detailed the consequences of this “American-Russian war fought by prosecutor until the last Ukrainian.”
26111	5	In the note, Fuller explains that “the U.S. sanctions against Russia have proved much more devastating for Europe than for Russia itself. The global economy has experienced a slowdown and many developing nations have to face serious food deficiencies and the risk of a dilagant hunger.”
26111	7	The devastation experienced by Europe is creating criticism in the relationship between it and Washington, which is forcing its customers to support at their own expense its line of “fake and hypocrite foreign policy, based on the desperate need to preserve the ‘American leadership’ in the world.” And it is to see if he will agree to intrude without reserves even in the “ideological” war against China, from which the Old Continent depends more than on Russia.
26111	9	One of the most disturbing features of this struggle between the US and Russia in Ukraine was the absolute corruption of the independent media. Washington defeated the war of information and propaganda, coordinating all Western media and forcing them to sing the same Nini book that is characterizing the Ukrainian war. The West has never seen such a total imposition of an ideologically-guided geopolitical perspective [...] Stretched in this virulent raffle of anti-Russian propaganda, which I have never seen even during my days of the Cold War, serious analysts have to explore in depth to have an objective understanding of what is actually happening in Ukraine.”
26111	11	The media shooting had the effect of silenting “gather all alternative voices”. “But the most dangerous implication is that as we move towards future global crises, we see the disappearance of a true free and independent press,” while the public opinion is predicted “of the media dominated by multinational companies close to political circles, who enjoy the support of the social media; all actors who manipulate the narrative according to their own purposes. As we face a predictively greater and more dangerous instability produced by global warming, the flows of refugees, the natural disasters and the likely new pandemies, the rigorous state and corporate domination of the Western media becomes really very dangerous for the future of democracy.”
26111	13	As regards the geopolitical changes caused by the Ukrainian crisis, Fuller notes that “the massive U.S. sanctions against Russia, including the confiscation of Russian funds in the Western banks, is inducing the majority of the world to reconsider the idea of fully beting on the U.S. dollar in the future. The diversification of international economic instruments is already in place and will weaken Washington’s once dominant economic position and its “unilateral weapon, the dollar.”
26111	15	Furthermore, Russia’s shift to Asia now appears an irreversible fate, producing that China-Russia axis that Washington has long placed as an existential threat. This process has come to such a point that the idea of disarticulating such a axis, advanced by many Western analysts and politicians, is now a pure “fantasy.”
26111	17	“Unfortunately, for Washington, almost all of his expectations about this war are becoming wrong,” Fuller concludes, according to which in the future this time could appear as the moment when the West has taken awareness of the mistake insisted in condensation towards the American claim to “preserve its global domination”, which will inevitably create “new confrontations, increasingly dangerous and harmful with Eurasia.” “Most of the rest of the world – Latin America, India, the Middle East and Africa – does not see any national interest in this fundamentally American war against Russia.”
26111	19	If we refer to such opinions, not new to this site, it is because they are stated by an authoritative and not silent source of philoputinism, accused by otherwise abused during the infinite wars by Western propaganda, which from time to time has silent the critical voices of being philop-Saddam, philop-Assad. Phil-Iran, Phil-Terrorists and more. Nihil sub sole novum.
26111	21	The only novelty is that in the past, during the previous steps of this infinite war—which necessarily had to turn against Russia and China (and against Europe, more or less indirectly)—it is that while the Arabs and Africans died, nothing was important to anyone (as nothing now matters to Yemen). Now that war affects the price of gasoline and food, interests, so. Also under this profile, nihil...
26113	1	“There’s an economic calculation down to the imperial son of Putin.”
26113	3	“Imagine,” John Lennon’s successful song, has always been a popular song for the wrong reasons. “Imagine that the world will live as one” (Imagine that the world will live as one) is the best way to end in hell.
26113	5	Those who attach themselves to pacifism in the face of the Russian aggression on Ukraine remain embraced in their own version of “imagination”. Imagine a world in which tensions are no longer resolved through armed conflicts. Europe has persisted in this world of ‘imagination’, ignoring the brutal realities far from its borders.
26113	7	Now is the time to wake up.
26113	9	The dream of a quick Ukrainian victory, the reiteration of the original dream of a quick Russian victory, is over.
26113	11	In what is more and more similar to a stalled situation, Russia is making slow progress, and its final goal is explained and declared. It is no longer necessary to know how to read between the lines, when Putin compares to Peter the Great: “At first glance, it seemed that he was taking something to Sweden He was not taking anything, he was returning it. Of course, we also expected to take back what belonged to us and strengthen the country.” 
26113	13	More than focusing on specific issues (is Russia simply “restituing” something? And to what?We will do well to carefully read Putin’s words that legitimate his statement: “To affirm a certain type of leadership any country, any people, any ethnic group must guarantee its own sovereignty. For there is no midway, no midway: a country is either sovereign, or a colony.”
26113	15	What these words imply is obvious: there are two categories of states, the sovereign and the conquered. From Putin's imperial optics, Ukraine falls into the second category. Moreover, as it is equally evident from the official Russian statements in recent months, the “second category” also includes Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, Finland, the Baltic States and, ultimately, Europe itself.
26113	17	Now, therefore, we can understand what it meant when it was invited to let Putin “save his face.” It means accepting not so much a negligible territorial compromise in Donbass, but the imperialist ambition of Putin. The reason why this ambition should be unconditionally rejected is that in our today’s global world, in which we are all tormented by the same disasters, we are all pulled in the middle, in an intermediate state, which is neither a sovereign country nor a conquered country: insisting on full sovereignty in front of global warming is pure madness, because our own survival depends on a close global cooperation.
26113	19	Russia, on the other hand, does not limit itself to completely ignore the global warming: why was it angry with the Scandinavian countries when they expressed their intention to join the NATO? With global warming, there is the control of the Arctic passage to the northwest. (That is why Trump wanted to buy Greenland from Denmark.) Due to the explosive evolution of China, Japan and South Korea, the most important communication path will pass north of Russia and Scandinavia. Russia’s strategic plan is to take advantage of global warming: to control the most important means of communication, as well as to encourage the development of Siberia and to control Ukraine.
26113	21	In this way, Russia will take a prevailing position in food production, so that it will enable it to capture the whole world. This is the economic reality behind the imperial dream of Putin.
26113	23	Those who are in favour of a small king’s support for Ukraine and of greater pressure to decide to negotiate love repeating that Ukraine cannot win against Russia. It is true, but it is precisely in this that I noticed the greatness of Ukrainian resistance: they risked the impossible, they challenged all the pragmatic calculations, and at least we need them a full support and to do so we need a stronger NATO - but not understood as a prolongation of U.S. policies.
26114	3	A criminal and foolish policy. In Lamorgese there are not enough those who come from sea and land. They want to get it from others by air.
26114	5	Remember: every immigrant arriving in Italy means sharing the less and less resources with another. It means less pro-capite money. Less room in hospitals, asylum, public homes and transportation. This means less water and electricity. In the age of weakness, there is an even greater crime.
26114	7	Not only open ports and the institutionalization of NGO traffic, not only thousands of Tunisians landed and then released on the territory with a ridiculous sheet not away. Not just luxury ships to send them on cruise.
26114	9	The government of contagion and invasion is also accelerating on the flights that bring us immigrants to Italy.
26114	11	The Italian government is the ***** of Sant’Egidio. That in turn is the ***** of the invasion.
26114	13	    “There are difficult moments that see our country engaged on various fronts, starting with the Ukrainian crisis where we had so many demands of protection but I think it is very important to start and continue on the line of the humanitarian corridors because it is important that there is a legal method to arrive in the countries of the Mediterranean.” This is why the Minister of the Internal Affairs, Luciana Lamorgese, is on the margins of an event in Naples.
26114	14	    “It’s one of the legal methods we move forward with great determination is that of the humanitarian corridors. “The key point is to try to talk more and more about legal methods to get them from other countries to Italy.”
26114	16	In total, with the system of the famous humanitarian corridors, 4,400 refugees have arrived in Europe, of which more than 3,600 have arrived in Italy.
26114	18	Italy is dying into a crisis without a way of exit, these criminals with Lampedusa assaulted by thousands of clandestines are going to take them in Greece. a member of the EU. People from Cameroon and Congo. Or from countries such as Iraq and Syria where the war ended years ago and could return home. We are governed by criminals who prostitute us to the Vatican humanitarian traffickers.
26114	20	We must go to take them.
26114	22	The goal of these ‘humanitarian routes’ sponsored by Sant’Egidio, an entity working for the ethnic destruction of Europe, is not to help, but to use these people by deporting them to Europe. There would be no other explanation of the work of organizations such as Sant’Egidio to prevent real Syrian refugees from returning home from Lebanon and Turkey:
26114	24	They have to stay out because they are to be deported to Europe. With the money of 8 per thousand spending to maintain and give home to these people, they could help them ten times as much to return home. And give the free houses here in Italy to Italians without home. It seems bad? 26115
26115	3	It is a great fortune for Italy to have a minister like Roberto Cingolani. It is a good luck, because the professor of physics in Milan leads a dicaster from the dark, but some fundamental skills, that of the “ecological transition.” Cingolani is, as it is said, a technician, a key category of our time, which gives an aura of all-science, independence and indisputability to the actions of those who fear the appellative.
26115	5	The real crackdown, for the sorties of the Italian people, is that Cingolani has a kind of direct thread with the paradise. One year ago he ruled that the planet Earth was designed for three billion people, a concept repeated even recently. In a conference on nanotechnology, the minister said (no, assured, the technicians don’t assure, they say ex cathedra) that “human being is a parasite because it consumes energy without producing anything. The planet has been designed for three billion people, we are in too much, we are parasites.” He said he could “destroy any cell with a magnetic field applied to intelligent nanoparticles ( iron oxide) heating to fifty degrees with an external magnetic field.”
26115	7	We have not understood anything – mea culpa, mea maxima culpa, analphabets of Science and Technology – but the minister’s words seem vaguely threatening. Looking forward to leaving this world trapped not by a moon rays but by a murderous magnetic field, we thank Cingolani for sincerely speaking the words that the oligarchies celano behind fumisteria, verbal acrobatics and false philanthropy. Strange philanthropists convinced that we are too crowded on the planet, that they have the right to determine who will be able to escape to intelligent nano particles, assisted suicides, mass euthanasia, pandemic created in the confidential labs of “function benefits”. Another unbearable euphemism to describe techno-scientific counterparts in which Cingolani colleagues covered by protections similar to scrapers work to strengthen existing viruses (or create them new), with the virtuous official objective of tracing antidote and vaccines.
26115	9	The fact is that Cingolani, the privileged interlocutor of the Projectist, the Egoist Gene, in close relations with the author of the Big Bang, knows two fundamental things: the world has been designed, by the Great Architect of the Universe, a giant philosophical, theological and scientific discovery. In addition, he knows (the designer trusted him) the maximum expected number of human beings: three billion. I suspect relief, since several oligarchs, forgive philanthropes, indicate much lower numbers, obviously including themselves among the survivors.
26115	11	Out of jealousy – a very loving sarcasm – the malthussian project of the Western elites appears obvious. No conspiracy: they speak clearly, they act accordingly. Remember, we use the memories. Thomas Robert Malthus, Anglican pastor, philosopher and economist of the first eighteenth century, concerned about the growth of the population and sincerely affected by the horrible living conditions of the workers, accumulated in the emerging British industrial cities, proposes various measures to take so that the population does not increase. Fifty years ago, the so-called Club of Rome, funded by the financial elites of the time, resumed with catastrophic forecasts largely wrong, the project of population decrease for ecological reasons.
26115	13	Today, the most acclaimed antinatalists are the environmental sectors for which man is nothing but the great intruder of the planet, the enemy of Gaia, the hypostatized nature as a living being. The circle is closed with Cingolani, the spokesman of the oligarchy. On the other hand, the technical minister is the name of art charged with prestige, neutrality and scientific infallibility, attributed to trusters to whom the power affirms the task of conducting policies contrary to the popular interests, presented as inevitable, salvific, fruit of a superior wisdom, almost esoteric. Wisdom or Ideology? And above all, the Malthusian operation – which for Cingolani means the suppression of more than half of the living – is on the basis of truth? No, to hear other scientists, demographers, armed by the arithmetic laws of statistics. For them, the demographic collapse is the main threat to civilization.
26115	14	It should be an element of common sense, easily verified walking through our cities and even more in the peripheral areas of our Italy. There are empty cows, full cows and a rushing data: in Madrid there is the triple of domestic animals than young people under the age of fifteen. What a company of old people means is easily found in so many valleys and inner areas of the country. Abandoned countries, a few elderly who agglorate as ghosts, without more communities and services. One after the other they close the mail, the pharmacy, the school, the sad emblem of the time that was, the negotiation of proximity, the bar that saved community life. Who can escape from anything that goes forward. It’s not a good thing, it’s a good thing, it’s a good thing, it’s a good thing, it’s a good thing, it’s a good thing.
26117	3	This is the average number of alleged foreign minors that each year are downloaded to Italy by their parents to beined at our expense. This is the first time I’ve been able to do this, and I’ve been able to do this.
26117	5	With all the risks that this involves, when you make an army of young men whose sole purpose is to rape Italy.
26117	7	A Swiss study, conducted by the Department of Mental Health in Geneva, found that 80% of “unaccompanied minors” asylum seekers have mental health problems. It does not surprise us. It is a clock bomb.
26117	9	This is the potential we have already seen in the mass harassment of Colonia, in the many Islamic attacks we have experienced in these years and, above all, in the continued events of chronicles: among raped girls and teenagers made in pieces.
26117	11	“This is a clock bomb,” said German researcher Christian Peter Dogs, speaking of the decision to open the boundaries, explaining that psychiatry has long discovered that a person’s behavior and personality are fixed at the age of 12. This is as much as a reminder to the wrongdoers of the so-called “ius culturee”.
26117	13	According to Dogs, migrants “can’t be educated” to understand our values, because they’re already formed. And that the courses on how to behave, so fashionable among the goods, will have no effect.
26117	15	“There are people who have a crazy potential for aggression because they’ve grown surrounded by war. They’ve learned to fight and they don’t even know the sense of living in harmony,” he explained.
26117	17	Dogs, who directs the Max-Grundig clinic in Bühlerhöhe, also warned that people are “really scared of what is happening and feel insecure,” explaining that his clinic has treated in these years a large number of people suffering from severe anxiety disorders that after the wave of aggression by immigrants. Citizens who, now, no longer feel safe in leaving their homes due to the massive arrival of immigrants.
26117	19	This will only have social and political impacts. Usually the psychiatrist, if he has an adequate historical and cultural preparation, manages to pick up these awareness in advance.
26117	21	A fearless population is willing to do everything to stop being afraid. And then comes the one who interprets this fear and promises to make it disappear. And then they are cats.
26117	23	Not only false childhood certificate, to collect more money with the reception of ‘minor’ immigrants, but also the reception extended over 18 years: up to 21 years. This is required by the Zampa law of the PD. It is created to supply the coops of fictitious or real foreign minors instead of bringing them back from the parents.
26117	25	A kind of Bibbiano with steroids.
26117	27	The law that takes its name by the parliamentary PD and voted shortly before the elections to forge the coops with alleged minors, as you know the Party of Bibbiano is always hungry of minors, makes it in fact impossible to reject and not keep the clandestines up to the older age. With communes making millions of debts to fulfill this absurd obligation: we are keeping, for example, thousands of children of Albanians who come here without a visa and then present themselves to the communes declaring themselves ‘not accompanied’. Coops make money. A lot of money.2612
2612	3	On Saturday, Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell led a congressional delegation visiting the Ukrainian capital. The unprevious trip included Republican Senators John Cornyn of Texas, Susan Collins of Maine and John Barrasso of Wyoming. McConnell revealed the trip after he “just left” Ukraine, calling it a “honour” to meet President Volodymyr Zelensky. McConnell’s statement emphasized that the group of U.S. officials “reaffirmed” to Zelensky “that the U.S. strongly supports Ukraine and will support our support until Ukraine wins this war. It is also essential that America is not alone.” Basically, Zelensky took the opportunity to argue that the United States should designate Russia as a “terrorist state.” A similar request Zelensky made to the British MPs.
2612	4	"McConnell's statement continued: ""It is absolutely in our national interest to help Ukraine win in this war and to help Ukraine and other countries to disrupt other aggressive wars before they begin."" The speech of the Republican delegation on “victory” echoes the statements of the President of the House of Democrats Nancy Pelosi when he met Zelensky in Kiev at the beginning of this month. At the time he had declared from the neighboring Poland immediately after his trip that Washington will support the Ukrainians “until the victory is obtained” against Russia."
2612	5	Such a position can only injury Europeans, starting with Macron who would want an exit from the Russian-Ukrainian crisis through a agreed negotiation, not on the basis of a hypothetical, and unlikely, absolute victory over Russia. How can we weigh to an absolute victory or the dissolution of the Russian state? Only thought is fantasy, and dangerous fantasy.26120
26120	3	“We will not give the South of Ukraine to Russia.” So Zelensky yesterday, putting a tomb stone on the possibility of shortly starting a negotiation with the Russians. In this way, he wanted to respond, in a public and unquestionable way, to the requests of Macron and Scholz, who, during their visits to Kiev (with Draghi), had asked him to resume the negotiations.
26120	5	"In fact, the president who holds the army’s green shirt in all circumstances cannot disappear from America, which does not allow him alternatives to the war. To strengthen Zelensky's resurrection, the parallel statement of NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, who said that the war ""may last years."""
26120	7	If in recent days the “Peace Party” had had a rise in the West, opening spirals, you can record with some sadness that such a sign of vitality was immediately silent. In other words, it was quite obvious in Scholz and Macron’s reports of the journey of hope (to use a term in use for religious pilgrimage): very few major media had the request advanced by the leaders (and those who it did it with the distraction of the case), limiting themselves to reiterate the mantra of Ukraine’s entry into the EU.
26120	9	The definition of “Peace Party” we have recovered by Steven Erlanger, the Times chronist and Pulitzer Prize, who, asked by Yana Dlugy for the New York Times, said that on Ukraine in the West is recorded the conflict between “Peace Party” and “Justice Party”.
26120	11	“The Justice Party – explains Erlanger – formed fundamentally from Eastern Europe, the Baltic States and Britain [and the United States, of course], believes that there is something more about Ukraine, which is the issue of European security. And that if Putin doesn’t feel defeated, if he doesn’t stop here, then, in some way, he will continue” in his assertivity.
26120	13	“The Peace Party fears that the Justice Party’s objectives are the extension of the war, to risk an escalation, to the involvement of NATO countries in the war, with the aim of putting Putin at the corner.”
26120	15	There is something true in these lines, but even more correct the conclusive consideration, that if America no longer supports Ukraine, the war would end quickly, if not immediately.
26120	17	The cessation of hostilities would see not as much Moscow invades Kiev – a move that would threaten the case only to force the hand to the opponent – as the Ukrainian leadership immediately opens to the negotiation, which the Russians would welcome with favour, being able to declare closed the war and proclaim victory.
26120	19	In fact, the confrontation is not only between an assertive “justice” and an ironic “peace”, but above all between a foreign policy imprinted to realism and that, dominant in America (and, in subordinate because subordinate, in Europe), forged by the liper-liberal and/or neoconservative ideology.
26120	21	This confrontation is very well described in a Sumantra Maitra article on National Interest, to which we refer. In this seat, we limit ourselves to bring back a reflection by Hans Morgenthau on the need for realism in politics.
26120	23	    The realism claims that universal moral principles cannot be applied to the actions of the States in their abstract universal formulation, but that they must be filtered through the concrete circumstances of time and place. The individual can say: “Fiat iustitia, pereat mundus” but the state has no right to say it in the name of those who are under its own protection.
26120	25	    Both the individual and the state must judge political action on the basis of universal moral principles, such as the principle of freedom. However, while the individual has the moral right to sacrifice himself in defense of such a moral principle, the State has no right to make sure that his moral disapproval for the breach of freedom hinder a successful political action, in turn inspired by the moral principle of a national survival. There cannot be political morality without caution; that is, without considering the political consequences of an apparently moral action.”
26120	27	It is a reflection that the NI chronist commented explaining that if realism is not alien from negative aspects, “it is not comparable to the crossroads for democracy of the past thirty years.”
26120	29	It was a sharp comment, since even the support of Ukraine and its struggle “until the last Ukrainian” against the invader, although it could at the beginning be identified as a due support to the aggredite, then, falling such a ficle sheet, took the appearance of a crossroads for freedom and democracy of the endless wars.
26120	31	This religious nature, which does not allow dissidence (dissidence is heresia), makes this war an existential and insane conflict, excluding a priori not only the negotiation, but the same idea of the negotiation. As well as in the discusions of experts and analysts who speak on behalf and on behalf of the dominant power, the negotiation is not even evoked except as a vague talk remainder to calm the masses.
26120	33	It doesn’t matter that the world is flagelled by the consequences of the war and above all the sanctions: inflation and risk of stagnation in the West, hunger in Africa, turbulence and square violence spread to the horizon, risk of new waves of migration, increased global destabilization... only to speak of the certain consequences, that uncertainly there is no limit.
26120	35	It’s a good idea: Fiat iustitia, pereat mundus. It’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.2612
26121	3	After two years of lockdown they launched in multi-race trains around the world and then the year brought to Europe. It is not surprising that he had the chance to change so quickly.
26121	5	The virus responsible for the current monkeys vaccine foci has “changed surprisingly strongly,” according to a Portuguese study published in ‘Nature Medicine’. “In comparison to the related viruses in 2018 and 2019, the pathogen presents today “approximately 50 differences in the genotype”, a data “6-12 times higher than expected for this type of virus on the basis of previous estimates,” the authors explains who hypothesize a “accelerated evolution.” “Our data show further indications on the current viral evolution and the potential adaptation” of the Monkeypox virus “to man,” it is emphasized in the work led by João Paulo Gomes of the National Health Institute ‘Doctor Ricardo Jorge’ (Insa) in Lisbon. So far, experts had spoken about a rather slow development for the pathogen, especially if compared to the rate of mutation of the coronavirus of Covid-19.
26121	7	Portuguese scientists suspect that at the origin of the new flags of monkeys there are one or more entrances from a country where the Monkeypox virus circulates in a persistent way, with ‘super diffusors’ and international travel that may have fueled a further escalation of infections. The authors assume that in the induction of these changes in the viral genome may have played a role even the enzymes of the human immune system. Researchers point out that there is currently no evidence of the possibility that mutations are promoting the spread of the Monkeypox virus, but that it is not even possible to exclude it.
26121	9	Globalization is the source of every evil. The world has become too ‘small’. First a virus took months to reach from one continent to another, then it became weeks. It's just a few hours. it's a few hours. it's a few hours.
26123	3	As we wrote yesterday, the bishops, completely unconscious of their own obvious irrelevance, demand the approval of the ius scholae. This is a version of the IOS SOLO.
26123	5	About Ius Soli and citizenship. And about the unconsidered preaches of the bishops and their boss, it is interesting to find out which law is applied in Vatican in matters of citizenship.
26123	7	Vatican citizenship is regulated by art. 4 of the Vatican Source Act of 2009 and the Lateranese Pact of 1929. Therefore, the Vatican citizenship is not obtained for you alone. They are small, they are. As with the question of the “points and not the walls,” they preach it to us, the mortal communities, they do not put it into practice for them: I know, Bergoglio thinks, and you are a catch.
26123	9	In particular, apart of course the cardinals that do not reproduce, or at least should not, for the Vatican citizens applies a Ius Sanguinis among the most restrictive of the world, although they call it differently.
26123	11	They are Vatican citizens, in fact, the spouse and children of a Vatican citizen, but only in the case they are cohabitants.
26123	12	The ascendents and brothers of a Vatican citizen, but only if they are coexisting.
26123	14	By 31 December 2021, the Vatican citizenship owners were slightly more than 600. A exclusive club. very exclusive.
26123	16	Not only. The spouses lose their citizenship if the marriage is cancelled or dismissed, if the separation is proclaimed or if the children or brothers of a Vatican citizen at the age of twenty-five are unable to work and they must depend on the Vatican citizen.
26123	18	Only the Pope, who is a dictatorship, can grant for other reasons and reject Vatican citizenship. The Vatican City does not recognize political rights for its citizens as it is an absolute monarchy of vital nature.
26123	20	It is time to complete the liberation of Rome.
26124	1	19 million Yemenians suffer from hunger. U.S. eGran Britain sends weapons and military instructors
26124	3	We apologize to the readers. We have repeatedly written that the war carried out by Saudi Arabia against Yemen with the support of weapons from the West, the United States and Britain on the forefront, does not interest media and politically. It’s not so, it’s all targeted, there’s all interest, since 2015, when the Saudi monarchy launched this aggression, with President Barack Obama, to provoke a genocide, with bombings, naval blocks, theft of resources, especially oil, to remove every trace of the Yemeni people and take its resources.
26124	5	The Yemeni people have resisted heroically in these years despite the terrible suffering. But while the public’s attention has been drawn to the war in Ukraine, the United Nations has launched an alarm that makes it angry.
26124	7	According to the latest United Nations report, 19 million Yemenians are currently facing food hunger, the highest number since the Saudi-led coalition invasion began.
26124	9	The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) commented: “More than 19 million people are suffering from hunger, of which more than 160,000 are on the hole of hunger. Cuts in funds are hindering our ability to help the people in need.”
26124	11	The Office added that the World Food Programme (WFP) reduced food spending for eight million people in December last year due to the lack of funds, introducing another round of cuts last month.
26124	13	It is estimated that five million people receive less than half of their daily food needs, with eight million who receive less than a third of their daily food needs.
26124	15	The report also highlights that eight million women and children need nutritional aid, with more than 500,000 children seriously undernutrited.
26124	17	The media reports suggest that potential further funding cuts will begin on 1 July.
26124	19	The United Nations report comes a few days after a U.S. oil company departed from the port of Radhum, in the southern province of Shabwa, Yemen, on June 26, after stolen more than 400,000 barrels of grape oil from the region rich in this precious hydrocarbon.
26124	21	A Yemeni official told Yemeni news agency Saba that the estimated cost of the stolen cargo was $43,640 million, according to oil prices at the international stock exchange.
26124	23	A huge, important figure that could have saved millions of Yemenians by buying food and medicine.
26124	25	The “humanitarian” mosque of the United States and Britain
26124	27	While the Yemeni population is on the stream, here are the U.S. and Britain coming to infere even more on what already before the war was the poorest country in the Arab world.
26124	29	The billions of dollars and pounds in weapons supplied to the House of Saudi were not enough that, as Al-Qatabi Ali Husein al-Farayi, the governor of the province of Al-Mahra, located in the east of Yemen, large weapons loads on board military ships landed in the port of Nishtun and British and American military trainers are staying at Qaydah International Airport.
26124	31	Warning of the dangerous conspiracy of the Saudi-Emirate occupational coalition against Al-Mahra and its people, he indicated that the aggressors and their allied militias are trying to precipitate the province into chaos and total confusion, because the locals oppose the presence of foreign forces.
26124	33	“The Saudi-led aggression coalition is involved in drug trafficking and trafficking in the area to perpetuate uncertainty, pursue their devil plans and dissuade the local population from facing the invaders,” he warned.
26124	35	There is no contradiction with what is happening in Ukraine. To safeguard their interests, especially the United States and Britain, they are ready, with different facade motivations, to sacrifice until the last Ukrainian or Yemeni in turn prolonging wars and chaos.
26125	1	Back to the Milk Curtain: BRICS+ vs NATO/G7
26125	3	The West is nostalgically involved in “content” policies that have already been overcome, this time against the global integration of the South. Unfortunately, for them, the rest of the world is going forward, together.
26125	5	There was once a Iron Curtain that divided the European continent. The term, known by former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, referred to the efforts of the then Soviet Union to create a physical and ideological border with the West. The latter, on his part, pursued a policy of conspiracy against the spread and influence of communism.
26125	7	Let us reward the accelerator and land in the contemporary era of the techno-feudalism, in which there is now the one that should be called a Milk Curtain, built by the collective, fearful and untouched West, through the G7 and NATO: this time, to essentially contain the global integration of the South.
26125	9	BRICS vs G7
26125	11	"The most recent and significant example of this integration was the emergence of the BRICS+ at the online summit hosted by Beijing last week. This went far beyond the definition of the guidelines for a ""new G8"", not to mention an alternative to the G7."
26125	13	"Just look at the interlocutors of the five historic BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa): we find a global South microcosm, which includes Southeast Asia, Central Asia, West Asia, Africa and South America - putting really the ""global"" in the global South."
26125	15	In a revealing way, the clear messages of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the summit in Beijing, in clear contrast to the propaganda of the G7, were actually addressed to the entire global South:
26125	17	Russia will comply with its obligations to supply energy and fertilizers.
26125	19	Russia is expecting a good harvest of grain – and to supply up to 50 million tons to the world markets.
26125	21	Russia will guarantee the passage of grain vessels into international waters even though Kiev has undermined Ukrainian ports.
26125	23	The negative situation on the Ukrainian grain is artificially swollen.
26125	25	The strong increase in inflation in the world is the result of the irresponsibility of the G7 countries, not of Operation Z in Ukraine.
26125	27	The imbalance of global relations has been in effect for a long time and has become an inevitable result of the erosion of international law.
26125	29	an alternative system
26125	31	Putin also addressed directly one of the key topics that the BRICS have thoroughly discussed since the 2000s: the design and implementation of an international reserve currency.
26125	33	“The Russian financial messaging system is open to connection with the BRICS countries’ banks.”
26125	35	“The Russian payment system MIR is expanding its presence. We are exploring the possibility of creating an international reserve currency based on the BRICS currency basket,” he said.
26125	37	This is inevitable after the hierarchic Western sanctions after Operation Z, the total de-dollarization imposed on Moscow and the increase in trade between the BRICS countries. For example, by 2030, one-quarter of the planet’s oil demand will come from China and India, with Russia as the main supplier.
26125	39	The BRICS “RICs” cannot risk being excluded from a financial system dominated by the G7. The Indian funambolica is also starting to pick the ball to the ball.
26125	41	Who speaks on behalf of the “International Community”?
26125	43	Currently, the BRICS accounts for 40% of the world’s population, 25% of the world’s economy, 18% of the world trade and contribute for more than 50% to global economic growth. All indicators are growing.
26125	45	Sergey Storchak, CEO of the Russian bank VEG, addressed the issue in a rather diplomatic way: “If in the coming years the voices of emerging markets will not be heard, we will have to think very seriously about the creation of a parallel regional system, or a global system.”
26125	47	"A ""parallel regional system"" is already under discussion between the Eurasian Economic Union (EEA) and China, coordinated by the Minister of Integration and Macroeconomy Sergey Glazyev, who recently wrote a folgorant manifesto that enlarges his ideas on world economic sovereignty."
26125	49	The “developing world”
26125	51	What is happening on the trans-Eurasian financial front will go in parallel with a Chinese development strategy unknown so far: the Global Development Initiative (GDI), announced by President Xi Jinping at the United Nations General Assembly last year.
26125	53	The GDI can be seen as a support mechanism for the global strategy, which remains the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), consisting of economic corridors that connect Eurasia to its western peninsula, Europe.
26125	55	At the High-Level Dialogue on Global Development [High-Level Dialogue on Global Development], part of the BRICS summit, the Southern World learned something more about GDI, an organization established in 2015.
26125	57	In short, the GDI aims to boost international development cooperation by integrating funding to a lot of organisations, such as the South-South Cooperation Fund, the International Association for Development (IDA), the Asian Development Fund (ADF) and the Global Environment Fund (GEF).
26125	59	Priorities include “reduction of poverty, food security, response to COVID-19 and vaccines”, industrialization and digital infrastructure. Later, at the beginning of 2022 a group of Friends of the GDI was established, which has already attracted more than 50 countries.
26125	61	The BRI and the GDI should move step by step, although Xi himself clarified during the BRICS summit that “some countries are politizing and marginalizing the development agenda by building walls and imposing paralysing sanctions on others.”
26125	63	On the other hand, sustainable development is not exactly bread for the G7 teeth, so much less NATO.
26125	65	7 against the world
26125	67	The declared goal of the G7 summit in Schloss Elmau, on the Bavarian Alps, is to “project unity” – as the collective western pillars (including Japan) united in the sustainable and indefinite “support” to the Ukrainian state, irremediably failed.
26125	69	"This is part of ""Putin's struggle against imperialism"", but there is also ""the struggle against hunger and poverty, health crisis and climate change,"" German Chancellor Scholz told the Bundestag."
26125	71	In Bavaria, Scholz pushed for a Marshall Plan for Ukraine - a grotesco concept, if it is considered that Kiev and its surroundings could be reduced to a miserable state survived by the end of 2022. The idea that the G7 can work to “prevent a catastrophic hunger,” according to Scholz, reaches a ridiculous paroxysm, since the incoming hunger is a direct consequence of the hysteria of the sanctions imposed by the G7.
26125	73	The fact that Berlin has invited India, Indonesia, South Africa and Senegal as adding members to the G7 has served as a further comic relief.
26125	75	It raises the milk curtain.
26125	77	It would be unnecessary to expect from the stunning collection of “United” mediocre in Bavaria, under the de facto leader of the European Commission (EC), the Fuehrer Ursula von der Leyen, a substantial analysis of the breakdown of global supply chains and the reasons that forced Moscow to reduce gas flows to Europe. They blame Putin and Xi.
26125	79	Welcome to the Latte Curtain – a re-invention of the 21st century of the Intermarium from the Baltic to the Black Sea, designed by the Empire of Menzogna, with Western Ukraine absorbed by Poland, the Three Baltic Nani, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovenia, Czech Republic and even Sweden and Finland, aspiring to NATO, which will all be protected by the “Russian Threat”.
26125	81	The EU is out of control
26125	83	The role of the EU, which dominates Germany, France and Italy within the G7, is instructive, especially now that Britain has returned to be an insignificant island-state.
26125	85	Every year, more than 60 European directives are issued. They must be mandatoryly transmitted into the national law of each EU Member State. In most cases, there is no debate.
26125	87	There are then more than 10,000 European sentences, in which the “experts” of the European Commission (EC) in Brussels issue “recommendations” for each government, directly from the neoliberal canon, regarding their expenses, their income and the “reforms” (on health, education, pensions) that must be obeyed.
26125	89	Thus, elections in each EU member country are absolutely meaningless. The heads of national governments – Macron, Scholz, Draghi – are simple executives. No democratic debate is permitted: “Democracy” as well as “EU values” are nothing more than a curtain of smoke.
26125	91	The true government is exercised by a group of apparatcik chosen through a compromise between the executive powers, which act in an extremely opaque way.
26125	93	The EC is completely out of any type of control. It is so that a surprising mediocrity like Ursula von der Leyen – formerly the worst Minister of Defense of modern Germany – has been catapulted up to become the current Fuehrer of the European Commission, denouncing its foreign, energy and even economic policy.
26125	95	What do they represent?
26125	97	"From the western point of view, the Milk Curtain, with all its annoying shades from the Cold War 2.0, is just an antipaste before the main scope: the hardcore confrontation in Asia-Pacific - remarked ""Indo-Pacific"" - a carbon copy of the Ukrainian racket designed to contain the BRI and the GDI of China."
26125	99	As opposed, it is enlightening to observe how the Chinese Foreign Ministry now highlights in detail the contrast between the BRICS – and BRICS+ – and the imperial combination AUKUS/Quad/IPEF.
26125	101	The BRICS represent multilateralism, focus on global development, cooperation for economic recovery and improvement of global governance.
26125	103	"The racket architected by the United States, instead, represents the mentality of the Cold War, exploitation of developing countries, coalition to contain China and a ""America-first"" policy that sanctifies the monopoly ""rule-based international order""."
26125	105	It would be foolish to expect the G7 lights gathered in Bavaria to understand the absurdity of imposing a maximum price ceiling on Russian oil and gas exports, for example. If this really happened, Moscow would not have any problems with completely cutting the energy supply to the G7. And if other countries were excluded, the price of oil and gas they imported would rise drastically.
26127	2	“We are not under NATO’s shadow. We are the shadow of the United Nations.”
26127	4	"I ask you to come to bring funeral news, but to all those who continue to say of ""Feel Protected Under the Shadow of the NATO"" I fear it is necessary to reveal a gorgeous truth."
26127	6	Dear friends, don’t be bad, but you didn’t understand it well.
26127	8	We are not “under the NATO’s shadow.”
26127	10	We are the shadow of NATO.
26127	12	And Casomai didn’t have been adused to the use of parapioggia, I have the obligation to remind you that the mirror is exactly the part that takes all the rain.
26127	14	So, dear friends, do you really feel safe thanks to the fact that in Italy we have 60 U.S. military bases with 70 nuclear tests, enough to remove Europe from the face of the earth?
26127	16	Take a geographical map. As you can notice, Italy is the NATO gateway in Europe, which stretches to the east towards Russia and to the south towards North Africa and the Middle East. We are therefore the first line of the front with regard to any conflict in which the NATO is really called to act.
26127	18	If, as usual, it’s just about throwing a little bit of “intelligent bombs” (ed educated) on the Libyan or Iraqi or Serbian cities, no fear, unless we’re booked a place in the giron of the hypocrites without shame, for the rest we don’t run any other risks.
26127	20	But the day when a true war, of which the NATO would have been established, the Italian territory, and in particular the U.S. military bases, with atomic annexes, would be the first target to be hit, because they represent the first threat to an eventual enemy.
26127	22	Once transformed into a nuclearized desert, we will, however, have the significant satisfaction of having protected, as a brave parapioggia, our American “allies” to the other end of the planet, which will have so comfortable and time to warn their territorial defences.
26127	24	And be glad that American gratitude will not miss to be expressed: in Hollywood they will make for years beautiful movies in our memory (and there are already those who mourry Nicolas Cage in Draghi and Morgan Freeman in Mattarella).
26129	1	China, Covid tracking app used to prevent protests
26129	3	Dozens of people from all over China had gone to the city of Zhengzhou to protest against the freezing of their savings in four Chinese rural banks. These institutions are controlled by the Commercial Bank “Xuchangm”, currently under investigation for alleged corruption of managers. Arrived in the Henan Zhengzhou region to protest against the blocking of their accounts, they saw the health code of the Chinese contact tracing app Covid-19 becoming red, although they had no contact with a positive one.
26129	5	The protesters have been isolated for 14 days. The suspicion is that Henan authorities have abused the covid tracking system to avoid potential disorders. The scandal has affected hundreds of thousands of people: it is believed that more than 39 billion yuan, about six billion dollars, have been frozen.
26129	7	The case of the missing demonstrator Tom Zhang- Owner of a textile company in the eastern province of Zhejiang, Tom Zhang was arrested by the Zhengzhou police and held in a local library for about 12 hours. “The red code has been used to limit us runner,” Mr Zhang said in an interview. He and hundreds of other savings have planned to file a complaint to the bank regulatory authority of the province of Henan on Monday 13 June, after they were unable to withdraw their money for months. As he went to the airport, his health code suddenly became green.
26129	8	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26129	10	“We don’t know how many people involved, but Chinese reports indicate that the problem has occurred in several cities and villages in the same region. Among the people affected, many seem to be relatives of bank customers. “I’m not a customer, it’s my father who has deposited money in a bank and now can’t throw it out,” said a woman living in Zhumadian, a city 200 km from Zhengzhou, brought to hotel for the mandatory quarantine once her status became red. “At the moment those who have seen their code becoming red, they can only contact their community managers to change their status. After performing two Covid tests within three days, their status may be changed again,” the official of the Chinese Health Commission said.
26129	12	Violation of the laws – The issue has been scattered on Chinese social media, where many have emphasized the possible abuse of power by the authorities. “Health codes should only be used for pandemic prevention purposes,” said Hu Xijin, popular Chinese commentator and former newspaper director. Using health codes to limit the freedom of movement of people would clearly represent a violation of pandemic prevention laws.
26130	1	Government of the Republic Between Legitimity and Legitimation (lost)
26130	3	The 5 Star Movement, with its team of Ministers, is dissolving as snow in the sun while forming the majority party as a result of the political elections of March 4, 2018. Now, beyond the observance of the constitutional rules on the occasion of the formation of the Governments Conte II (2019) and Draghi (2021) and, therefore, of their legitimacy (we remember that, by Constitution, the Government of the Republic is not elected, but appointed), it is undeniable, after several elections (European, regional and administrative), that the Executive currently in charge is ruling on a political movement delegated within the electoral body and, more generally, within the public opinion.
26130	5	Having seen this “enormous fossil” that separates political representation and representativity, we wonder with what courage this Government continues to operate. This is not a legal, but political problem and it seems to us that no one (voluntary and fully consciously) intends to deal with it.
26130	7	However, on the basis of this delegation, all the measures we know regarding the national health emergency (vaccination, green certification Covid-19 etc.) have been taken.It was decided to send weapons to the Republic of Ukraine, actually leading our country to be a co-belligerant when it could play a role of mediation as Turkey is doing etc.
26130	9	In the situation described the President of the Republic (it is a school hypothesis) could also dissolve the Chambers in advance, hearing their Presidents, ex art. 88 of the current constitutional text, but will not opt for such a solution. This should make us reflect, despite the always open question of the electoral law, both on the possible change of our form of government (we are factors of the presidential model), and on the need to build a valid political alternative in the face of the concluded failure of the five-year legislation (2018-2023).
26132	1	"The school? No is. For Khaby Lame there is the ""ius Tik tok"" "
26132	3	Not just ius soli, ius sanguinis and ius scholae, evolution of ius culturee. It is always said that Italy is backward, that it has no vision of the future... And instead Italy seems to be the first country in the world to introduce the ius Tik tok. Curious not? A 19-year-old boy named Khaby Lame, during the pandemic is dismissed (as many) from the factory in which he works as a worker and given that he can't look for another job, since Italy is in lockdown, decides to try 'the new social of which a few months before everyone spoke: Tik tok. He has time to lose and puts on. In a few months it becomes popular, its followers grow to dismissure and becomes famous? The reason? Who knows it. Lame simply takes around the web videos but the reasons why many become known are untouchable. Of course, he has a marked expressivity but the virality of the content often escapes from logic. And this is an example.
26132	5	"Khabi Lame was born in Dakar 22 years ago but from 21 lives in Italy. He spent most of his life in our country and went to school here. At the age of 18, he would have been able to demand Italian citizenship that, after the necessary bureaucratic iter, he would not have been denied. He did not do so and he was himself to explain the reasons just a year ago: ""I'm Italian, I've always heard it. I am not saying it only. I read: 'Khaby, the most followed Italian in the world'. Then I say to myself: see, I am Italian, I don’t need a paper sheet to know it.” This is how the tiktoker spoke in an interview released at the Sete of the Corriere of the evening. However, those words to the good ones are not pleased. Khaby Lame was criticized and on the social media he was pressed to take a clearer position in favor of the ius alone."
26132	7	"Everything went smoothly until a few days ago. The discussion on the ius scholae has swallowed and he at the same time has become the world’s most followed tiktoker. And at that time here, as for magic, comes a tweet by Carlo Sibilia, under-secretary of the Interior: ""I want to calm you on the fact that the decree of granting Italian citizenship has already been issued in early June by the Ministry of the Interior. You will soon be contacted by the local institutions for notification and swear. In the mouth of the wolf.” It is not the case that Khaby Lame was not so concerned about not having Italian citizenship, how many other young people are the sub-secretary in person to write to communicate the concession of the citizenship? It’s a good idea for you to be able to do it, but it’s a good idea for you to be able to do it. It is also because, despite the sinistrose solons living in a parallel world, the tiktoker was already considered Italian regardless of the passport."
26132	9	Thinking bad is sinful, but it is rarely wrong. And the timing of the communication would seem to be from the part of those who suspect that Khaby Lame has been made an instrumental use. The ius Tik tok has swallowed the doors of Italian populism, let’s see what other miracles will be found in the coming days.
26133	1	May changes the idea about Erdogan: what he said in 2019
26133	3	That the Minister of Foreign Affairs Luigi Di Maio is facing a period of strong confusion, there is no doubt. After the split with the 5 Star Movement and the march of the “dimaians”, which with the new party to this day probably could only count on the vote of their families, for the former pentastellate it is all a recurrence behind the Premier. It is not a secret or a crime that his positions are aligned with Mario Draghi but, rather, the pretext – probably – to melt that agonizing Movement that has been traced for months without a goal and pushes it to create “Together for the Future”, the new subject formed by 60 parliamentarians – who already want to change the name – although, at the moment, it doesn’t seem to have a stable horizon of successes in front of it. But Di Maio seems bound to ruin relations, break schemes, catch old dissensions: however, the Minister seems really ready to do anything for power dementia, even denying his own principles by putting into play those decisions taken to protect the country.
26133	5	This was the case for the negotiations between Turkey and NATO on the occasion of the decision on the annexation of Sweden and Finland. He criticized the demands that Erdogan had put as a veto on the Scandinavian countries: the extradition from the northern countries of those who are considered terrorists and the stop of the weapons embargo. A very complicated choice, if you look at history, but that for European countries and Italy it seemed a walk.
26133	7	At the heart of the attention, the Kurds who, today, go unnoticed in the recurring to the spasmic expansion of a NATO that is acquired by hatred for Russia wants more and more, at any cost.
26133	9	It was in fact in 2019, when the Council of Foreign Affairs on Syria and the Kurdish crisis took place in Luxembourg, where the decision was made to stop the sale of weapons to Turkey after the Kurdish forces had been involved in the fight against the Islamic State since 2014, making themselves indispensable for the coalition’s offensive against ISIS in Syria.
26133	11	At that occasion a Di Maio all of a piece calmed Italy, saying: “A very important Council in which the position at the demand of Italy was a commitment of all European states to block in the future the export of weapons to Turkey because we can’t accept what Turkey is doing. All states condemn what Turkey is doing and all member states have committed to blocking weapons exports: this means that in the coming hours Italy will also sign.
26133	13	It is clear how, at European level, the Kurdish forces have been abandoned by all the former Western allies during the Turkish military operations in the Syrian Kurdistan region, but even more clear is, looking at our home, the shameful turn of Luigi Di Maio.
26133	15	It was just yesterday that it issued a statement in support of Turkey, in line with the directives of the last NATO Summit in Madrid where Erdogan, along with Finnish and Swedish counterparts, confirm that there are no more national embargo on weapons.
26133	17	“Turkey is a key country,” Di Maio said, “We have very appreciated the attempts to mediate between Russia and Ukraine and the Ankara summit will also be an important step to foster dialogue between the parties and to find peace.”
26133	19	A man at Draghi's square, spaced by little experience but with the fury of distracting himself among the games of power: this is how the Minister of Foreign Affairs appears. And if the Ukrainian conflict raises more and more concern, looking at our palaces is probably even less reassuring and to understand it is enough to think about the new friendship with Erdogan.
26133	20	The missiles, for now, remain on the front but the West is full of cracks: everyone who equips without shame his own future.
26135	1	The lies of the left on the right anti-environment
26135	3	It is the living demonstration of how a recent battle of Pd Secretary, Enrico Letta, represents a dangerous prejudice against those who are not of the left. In a recent interview, Letta has said that the left and the right exist the same, just on environmental issues. There is nothing to exaggerate about this. But then it continued: the left makes concrete proposals, such as the removal of endothermal engines by 2035 and has the heart of the planet, the right only makes slogans and loves fossils. Nothing more false.
26135	5	It’s a good idea for you to be able to do it, but it’s a good idea for you. “The errors of the ecological transition to the war in Ukraine.” There is a rich right wing, not only liberal, but also conservative, who has the heart of the environment, but hates the climate, who thinks of the future, but without throwing the past into the basket. Energy sovereignty is a great book and it is able to capture even the last European madness, such as the directives that predict the death of a piece of European industry, that of the automotive industry. Giubilei writes: “If Europe does not gain the necessary awareness that the topic of energy has an impact in every sphere of society, facing it with a pragmatic vision, it is intended to beat against other powers from the Asian nations.
26135	7	In this sense, two concepts such as “energy geopolitics” and “energy security” will gain a growing weight in the coming years even in the light of the developments of the ecological transition. The choices made in this historic period will influence the decades to follow and the consequences of wrong political decisions will have a reversal not only on citizens and but on the internal Italian and European socio-economic system. For this reason we are faced with an opportunity from various historical points of view; the possibility of achieving an energy sovereignty. If we fail today, we will pay the consequences for the coming decades.
26135	9	However, the EU’s political decisions continue to go in a direction that condemns us to a loss of autonomy, as demonstrated by the European Parliament’s vote to stop the registration of endothermal engines (benzine, diesel and hybrid) from 2035. The declared goal is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, but the consequences will be devastating from an economic point of view especially for Italy where a strong automotive sector is present. Eliminating the endothermal engine means putting on the knees hundreds of companies operating in the component and induction with serious socio-economic consequences in a historic moment when the industry is already suffering.”
26136	1	The United States is launching their temptations towards Russia and China through the revolts in Central Asia.
26136	3	“The Department of State”
26136	4	The influence of Americans in Central Asia is quite broad, Boris Volkhonsky, associate professor at the Institute for Asia and Africa at the Moscow State University, told PolitExpert. The U.S. has created a huge number of non-governmental organizations (ONGs): this means they’re preparing for a long time to organize disorders in the region (colored revolutions?and
26136	6	"“The work of non-profit organizations has been started right from the beginning of the separate existence of the countries, after the exit from the USSR. With his complaint, Lukashenko said nothing new. The fact that the conflict between Beijing and Washington could explode anywhere in the world is a fact. All eyes are targeted to Taiwan. But Central Asia also occupies a rather important place in the plan of the West. Especially after leaving Afghanistan. Because this is the nearest place: under the stomach of Russia and a region near China. It provides the People's Republic of China with energy carriers,"" the speaker of the PE said."
26136	7	Long-term US plans
26136	8	The U.S. has long planned an operation to expand influence and “burn” the situation in Central Asia, Volkhonsky said. Disorders are organized first in one country, then in another. In 2020 they were in Kyrgyzstan, in January 2022 in Kazakhstan, now in Uzbekistan.
26136	10	“The region is not very stable because it is quite poor. There has never been much wealth there. There is a great social stratification. The rich are very rich and the poor are practically very poor. The living status of the elite of Central Asia causes an extremely violent disadvantage among the normal “contadins”.
26136	11	There is therefore a social basis for disorders there. And so – the region is the center of Eurasia. Anyone who has his bases and his influence there will be able to extend his temptations. In China, Russia and the Middle East. Geostrategically, this is a central region,” the politologist believes.
26136	12	On July 1st, protests for the constitutional reform began in Uzbekistan. The provisions on the sovereignty of the Republic of Karakalpakstan and the right to secession shall be removed from the state's fundamental law on the basis of a general referendum.
26136	14	The demonstrations in Kazakhstan began on 2 January 2022 after the country changed the calculation of the cost of liquid gas based on the market. The fuel price increased significantly, causing a wave of dissatisfaction in Almaty, Aktau, Aktobe. The president made concessions and introduced a state price regulation, and on 5 January he dissolved the ministry, but this did not stop the demonstrations. The protesters began kidnapping government buildings, attacking security officials and asking for the resignation of President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev and former head of state Nursultan Nazarbayev. At the request of the head of state, the CSTO's collective security council decided to send a contingent for peaceining in Kazakhstan.
26136	16	The well-known “Center for Corruption and Organized Crime Research” (OCCRP) has published the first part of its investigation against the countries of Central Asia. The expert and independent journalist Sergei Yezhkov has previously talked about who is behind the new “promitting evidence dumping” against the local elites.
26136	18	The submission of disorders and revolts in the country is increasingly evident. The hand of Washington’s services seems equally clear.
26137	1	Young immigrants are responsible for one in two crimes. That’s what I want to do with Ius Scholae.
26137	3	Youth immigrants and crime. While our bright left with the bright eyes tries to shake us into the plate the law on the ius scholae, “civilization struggle”, panacea of all the social tensions — it has been seen, in fact, as the French model has joined the social tensions of Oltralpe — the Libero newspaper snocks an enthusiastic series of numbers about crime in Italy and how it is double-linked with the youngest branches of foreigners who reside in it. Spoiler: the porting minorities of identity cultures and at the same time hardly assimilable to ours are not very well out of it. And, of course, giving Italian citizenship to these individuals — without that if they are deserved through a path of “good citizenship” — will not mitigate this leakage from our social tissue and the feeling of aversion towards our culture.
26137	5	Young immigrants and hatred towards Western society
26137	7	Libero explains with a survey conducted by Ifop for the Montaigne Institute, in which it is estimated that 50% of French Muslims “with the ages of 15 to 25 would want to replace the sharia to the French constitution.” Numbers confirmed by an additional 2018 report submitted by the scientist Hakim el Karoui, in which 32% of the Islamic faith students interviewed professes an absolute vision of religion. According to a survey conducted by state authorities in 2018 and quoted by the CDdf Foundation, “23% of British Muslim immigrants believe that sharia should be applied in their communities, while 32% seek death penalty for those who offend Muhammad.”
26137	9	The Italian numbers
26137	11	We finally arrive in Italy. Before you start, some numbers to circus the phenomenon. According to an Istat survey, immigrants living between the ages of 14 and 17 are just 9.6%. In that 9.6 per cent of the population is the one who performs 65 per cent of the total ships (composed in Italy by all inhabitants of that age), 50.2 per cent of the theft, 48.1 per cent of theft, 47.7 per cent of sexual violence, 40.4 per cent of theft.
26137	13	In the age range between 18 and 24 years (of which foreigners represent 11.2%) the situation does not improve, rather. 89.7% of the crimes involving the exploitation of prostitution, 55.8% of sexual violence, 52.6% of the rapes, 52.4% of the theft, 43.6% of the painful injuries of that age group are committed by immigrants. Not counting the Italian of second generation, which are not included in the research. From the subsequent stages the incidence of crime tends to decrease, and this is true in the immigrant stages aged between 45 and 54 years (11.8% of the population in that anagraphic stages) and subsequent stages. Per due to greater integration due to a greater period of time spent in our country, the percentage of crimes is around 16.7%.
26138	1	Elections in France and the flop of the EU-governing parties
26138	3	To record the steel distance between the dynamics of Brussels and the real Europe a macroscopic data was provided by the French Presidentials. It’s a “later” element, according to the mass of information, compared to the challenge Macron-Le Pen but in fact it says so much well beyond who will lead the Eliseo for the next five years.
26138	5	We speak of the implosion, rovinosa, of the Ppe and the Pse: represented in the French exaggeration by the Republicans and the Socialists. Together, the two parties that “guard the EU” got 7%: a flop so craving that only the precipitated accession of its leaders to the macronic cause – that is, the constitutional arc against Le Pen in the face of the second round – managed to partially scream.
26138	7	However, the evidence cannot be hidden: in the second European power, after Germany, the two “system” parties do not represent almost anyone. He is lifted up and drowned by Emmanuel Macron’s technocratic populism – a little right a little left: perfect ogm – and unable to reform, both right and left, a minimum of political agenda in the face of the great performance of Marine Le Pen and Meléchon or in the face of the arrival of an identity outsider like Zemmour and the first sign of life of the Greens.
26138	8	It’s a whole French problem.
26138	10	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. In a small part yes. But largely not. Starting with the fact that the Macron operation does not perfectly combine – anyway – with the unionist project and with the melass of the great coalition: it is rather the attempt of a French enarch – equipped with the right dose of bonapartism – to occupy the empty left by Angela Merkel to the EU leadership. Through Macron’s greatness dreams, the novelty determined by the presidential elections confirms a current trend in all major EU realities and not.
26138	12	It will not be escaped, for example, that in the natural homeland of the “great coalition” – Germany – the populist-socialist pact has jumped: with the populists that after the very long season Merkel have dramatically lost the scatter. Not only: now the Social Democrats rule with the support of the Greens and the Liberal. A very hard blow for the “immobile engine” of the Ppe: the German Cdu. Otherwise, there is no place for reposition on the scale of the Brussels Alliance: in Spain, for example, the logic of the alternation is so rooted that (unlike what happens to us) it returns to the vote every time a majority in Parliament is unclear. In Poland and in all the nations of Visegrad, then, the detention is secured by “conservative” governments – the majority of which represented just by ECR plus the former P.P. Orbàn – which have nothing to do with the ideological syncretism in action between the people and the socialists: let’s figure with the broad concepts. The same discourse – to the reverse – in the nations of the North, where social democracy governs without structural mediations.
26138	13	Where is the system that governs Europe? As we have seen, in the three main nations: in Germany, with the collapse of the peoples, in France, with the disappearance of the Gollists and Socialists, and in Italy. Now, in Belpaese the widespread – a technocratic attempt to mutuate the model of Brussels without passing through the elections – the crisis of the “eurolyric” parties is represented plastically by Forza Italia, irresistibly dissolved as the third leg of the center-right, by a Pd that fails to determine a real agenda in the progressive field and by the absolute lack of a structured offer by the centralists.
26138	15	Instead, it is the proposal completely bipolarist, planted in the field of the right government and recognized by all the most accredited observers as such: the proposal of Fratelli d’Italia. Not by coincidence it is the political force – on behalf of ECR – that in Europe works more to dismantle the Ppe-Pse agreement that has led in the years the people to a fact submission to the decreased and liberal utopism of the socialists and to the triumph of the “woke” fanatism. The result of this establishment is reflected in the disadvantage of the electorate against the families of the people and socialists who claim to represent the European Unionist project. The concrete and confederate alternative proposed by FdI on a continental scale, on the contrary, is mounted, feeds with suggestions on which it can claim precaution and broad literature – energy independence, food sovereignty, common foreign policy – and will have in Italy its proof of the nine.
26139	1	Not VAX or PRO VAX?
26139	3	It is now a fact that the places available in intensive therapy in our province are saturated. A serious and alarming news that needs to raise the level of attention.
26139	4	But the data that makes it angry is that 90% of the places are occupied by NO VACCINATES.
26139	5	I know this post will trigger endless comments and discussions, but, believe me, without any controversy, the numbers speak clearly: the vaccine has consistently reduced the pressure on hospitals and intensive therapies. No one has ever said that it immunizes us but to many it is saving life that is a precious good and to defend.
26139	6	We take, for example, our country: very high percentage of vaccinations 90 infected 0 hospitalizations.
26139	7	Do not make superheroes. Let us trust science, let us trust medicine. We must be vaccinated and respect our lives and those of others.2614
2614	3	Open and close. Accepting few and rejecting many. Inside the Ukrainians (especially the Orthodox) and outside all the others (especially the Islamic). It is the model Greece desired by the very conservative prime minister Kyriákos Mitsotakis: the flower to the eye is the migrant camp of Samos, the “Multi purpose reception and identification center”, a very selective, very strict “accueil” structure. Everywhere spin thread, video surveillance systems, double doors, steel bars, armed cement and scanner. In the small island of Egeo are concentrated much of the irregular (seven out of ten) from neighboring Turkey. It provides for the identification, the assessment of the requirements of asylum seekers and the rejection of non-righteous. Without a call.
2614	5	Of course, the NGOs of all latitude and their reference politicians are screaming to the scandal. According to them, the camp serves more as a trampoline for rejection that is a gateway to the old continent and accuses the Hellenic police of brutal methods or even of using migrants' nuclei as helpers in the hunting of clandestines.
2614	7	It is true, likely or false that the Greek government is breaking down. With the funds of the European Union (approximately 276 million euros...), the government of Athens is now building four other structures (in Lesbo, Chios, Kos and Leros) and continues to empire in its project. “Our absolute priority is an efficient border protection,” says Migration Minister Notis Mitarakis, scattering the numbers: in a year landing on the Egean islands has decreased by 96%. Moreover, the Mitsotakis government presents as a success the undoubted improvement of the living conditions of the “hosts”: instead of the barracopoly miseries of the past today, asylum seekers are housed in controlled access facilities equipped with current water, hygienic services, separate areas for families and greater safety. A way, according to Mitarachi, to return “lost dignity to people seeking international protection and meet the necessary conditions of detention for illegal migrants who must be returned.” At the same time, at least as the war lasts, doors are open to Ukrainian refugees.
2614	9	But on the background remains the problem of Turkey, for the Greeks a terribly immense and invasive neighbor. It is not by chance that the border willingly remains porous, similar to a saracinesque that rises or closes depending on the waves and internal needs of the Ankara government and in the end everything is reduced to a very profitable deal. A step back. In 2016, Turkey had signed an agreement with the European Union promising to reduce irregular immigration to Greece (in exchange of money: 6 billion euros, officially to ensure a reception to millions of Syrian refugees on its territory). Then in 2020 a new crisis and President Erdogan declared that he was “no longer available to keep the closure of the borders with Europe” given the growing mass pressure from Asia and Africa. Unless then “accept” gently a refinancing of €485 million from the European Union.
2614	11	In short, migrants used cynically as a “political pressure weapon” or, if you prefer, as a super bancomat.  To the point that Greece has repeatedly accused Turkey not only of “not doing enough to refinate the phenomenon” and has repeatedly documented the strange complicity of the Anatolic Coast Guard in the trafficking of desperate people.  Ankara has repeatedly accused Athens of illegally rejecting migrants in an “inhuman way.”
2614	13	A iron arm that goes on for years, with several degrees of intensity but remains the fact that from 2016 to today the mechanism of return, agreed at the time with the European Union, remains untouched: in 5 years Ankara has accepted the return to Turkey of only 2140 irregular migrants. The result? The NGOs protest against Athens, the European Union funds (with some shame) the identification centers (or detention?And Ankara has gotten the cash. And it continues to threaten to turn over the Egeo new waves of desperation.26140
26140	3	This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money and you’re going to get a lot of money.
26140	5	There is a League that, in Rome, breaks on the vaccination obligation. There is Salvini who cannot be defined as a sample in the awareness campaign for anti-Covid immunization. And that, in fact, with more than a few ambiguous statements it went to admire the vaccine skeptics. Then there is the other league. The one of the territories, which every day has to face the bill of hospitalizations due to the virus. The one who has seen so many of his citizens die for the first wave of Covid and has no problems to get to the match even with the same party companions. And that of those who know how much the virus can hurt and for this reason try to ‘convert’ the no vax. It’s enough to extend the look a little, go beyond the Council of Ministers and Salvini’s statements, to see that this second League takes more and more foot. And, even if no one exposes himself openly, look with some trouble at the line of Salvini. Too waveful and ambiguous according to who has understood that the Covid must fight in primis protecting as many people as possible.
26140	7	In the first row, among the lawmakers in favour of the vaccine, is Roberto Calderoli. The Vice President of the Senate told Corriere today that he spent the Christmas holidays between the fear of being infected and the attempt to convert non-vax relatives. Five out of seven times it succeeded. “Whoever hosts not to take account of the reality – he says – I will force him to see what’s happening in the corridors of hospitals.” A very clear line its own, which strides with the one of whom – with its own card in the wallet – is rather ambiguous or even contrary to vaccine and green pass. The most recent example on this front concerns two brothers of Sassuolo, both counselors, both lawmakers. They decided to resign because they opposed the vaccine and therefore lacked the super green pass. The choice does not slide a millimeter Calderoli, who replies: “The world will go forward anyway. We will find two more responsible counselors.”
26140	9	To find leghists who have been exposed several times in favour of vaccines – even at the cost of ending in the no vax mountain – just look at the Regions. Massimiliano Fedriga and Luca Zaia, both top representatives of the Carroccio, were in the front line for the vaccine campaign. “I have the duty to tell the truth to the people. I have no vaccine, but vaccination is the solution. We cannot continue to spread the alibi that this virus is cured at home. It is enough. 93% have been treated at home, but without pneumology and intensive therapies many would die,” the Veneto region president said in December. And this is just one of the many outsourcements that have gone in this direction. It was no longer Massimiliano Fedriga. The governor of Friuli Venezia Giulia was among the first to invoke a differentiated regime among vaccinated and not, in the event that the epidemiological situation was worse. As it was then. His exposure cost him the threats of some no vax. and the scort. 
26140	11	 Understanding why those who manage the territories have a very clear line in favour of the vaccine is quite simple if you hear the words of Pierpaolo Roberti. As a member of the local autonomy and public function of the Friuli Venezia Giulia, in November he was the protagonist of a tweet and response on Twitter with Claudio Borghi, parliamentary of the League very critical on the rules on the green pass. The reason for the confrontation was the increase in cases of Covid in Friuli Venezia Giulia, due to the combination of non-vax manifestations and low percentage of immunized. Returning on that case, Roberti to Huffpost says: “I can say that the difference of sensitivity on the topic is not just the prerogative of the League. We who manage the territories, however, in addition to having a privileged observatory, have a different role. We are seeing every day the billboard of the containers, the receivers. And the percentage of vaccines.” If you touch things with your hand, if you see the numbers, it’s the sense of its reasoning, you can only give for assodate a data: the vaccine reduces the serious cases, destroys hospitalizations. And if someone was still skeptical about the topic, Roberti replies with the latest data: “At this time in Friuli Venezia Giulia we have 40 people in intensive therapy. Thirty-five are not vaccinated. 
26140	13	The adviser has repeatedly exposed himself on social media against the no vax, and does not hide that he has received more than a few attacks: “But I do not even notice. It is not worth losing time either. I am a minority. It’s a good thing, but it’s always a minority.” In the same way, he is convinced that trying to make a change of idea to the hard crack of the no vax is now “a lost battle, made in the name of what is now an ideology.” The extension of the vaccination obligation, which Salvini does not like at all, could be a solution? “I can’t imagine a real form of obligation – concludes Roberti – and I would like to remember that the no vax have even accepted to lose the job, I don’t think they would stop in front of the obligation.
26140	15	In the shell of pro vax legists there is also Bergamas deputy Cristian Invernizzi, the protagonist of a heavy baptism in Aula, with the colleague of the Carroccio Golinelli, on the rules on the super green pass. He heard in the following days, he had smashed the tones, but reiterated - he who saw so many citizens die and his father got very sick because of the virus - the importance of vaccines.
26140	17	That there is a double line, and some trouble for the chief’s positions, is now obvious. But the guidelines concerned look well from making it clear. Even because it is too exposed, a disciplinary proceedings within the party are at risk. This could be the fate of Giantoni Da King. In a interview with Corriere, the Veneto Parliamentary Deputy of the Carroccio on 6 January launched a very heavy attack on Salvini: “The ambiguity of my party and my secretary has been putting me uncomfortable for a long time. It has always been unjustifiable, now it has become unsustainable,” he said. And the noise of a box would make less noise. The day after, Alberto Stefani, the Venetian League Commissioner said he would want to bring Da Re’s position before the regional leadership. “Da Re had already been warned,” he said, according to the newspaper via Solferino, “there is no issue on the newspapers polemizing against the federal secretariat.” All this makes us think that all the other Salvini line vaccines will look well from using the same tones as the European Parliament. The disappointment is there. Just put the facts and words in a row to understand that you can’t say the opposite.
26141	1	Science is not a dogma.
26141	3	It is not only typical of the No vax rhetoric, falling in the error are also many Pro vax. People who accuse the government and science of lying for the simple fact that they have changed approach by changing the context. For example: “You’ve said that the vaccine prevents infection, and instead.” It was true, it was said. But it was said when the possible infection concerned the variant Alpha, which however, and this was also said, had at least a 10% chance of “bucking” the vaccines. And, after the Alpha, it was said for the Delta variant. It was not false, it was true. As it is true that Omicron is different from the variants of Covid that have preceded it: in fact, it also infects vaccinated people. It makes them less infectious than unvaccinated, for less time and almost completely avoids hospitalizations. It contains them. Is this the sign that governments lie? Is it the proof that science has nothing to do with truth? But not everything is predictable. Things change, as the scientific evidence changes. Philosopher Karl Popper wrote important pages to clarify how the research of the scientific truth consists in the progressive elimination of errors. The assumption is that the error is hardly avoided at the beginning. So Popper argued that in the scientific world, as in everyday life, everything is true until its opposite is proven true. This is the liberal method. Why do we do so much to accept it? Because we are naturally inclined to a dogmatic vision. If we were not, we would not be divided for fifty years between the supporters of the Communist Party and those of the strongest Catholic Party in the West. There are two dogmatic parties. If we were not, those of our co-owners called “catto-communists” would not consider it natural to summarize two dogms, rather than to eliminate them. There is, therefore, an anthropological data to explain the refratarity of many in accepting the complexity of life and the falsehood of the Word. They a certain inclination to Messianism, to prejudice, to conspiracy and to blind faith. The same blindness of those faced with intensive therapies fills 80% of that 15% of non-vaccinated citizens is able to draw the amounts. But in this case to the anthropological data summarizes the negative effects of a school system unlikely to transmit to the men of tomorrow the rudiments of logic and mathematics of ever.
26144	1	Children safe if parents are vaccinated: new data on Covid
26144	3	The Omicron variant does not make the discount even for children: only in January, a million newly infected (one in three) are under 18 years old. In addition to vaccinating them directly, it would be good that even their parents were pro vax, the situation would be completely different.
26144	5	What the numbers say
26144	7	"The latest numbers of the Higher Institute of Health photograph the situation without giving attention to misunderstandings: in the age range 5-11 the receivables continue to increase since only 32% were vaccinated with the first dose and 13% with the second. There are very low numbers considering that the Pfizer anti-Covid vaccine, for the pediatric branch, is now administered for more than a month and a half. In this case, however, there is a competition of guilt: many parents who do not want to vaccinate their children are the first to be no vax. In fact, the Italian Association of Pediatric Hospitals (Aopi) observed that, among non-vaccinated (76%), 69% of them had both parents without a vaccine. “It’s very often that father and mother agree on the refusal of the vaccine” even though “there’s no lack of family dissidents. In front of a recovered child, it has happened that the vaccinated parent gives the fault to the other,"" says Alfredo Guarino, a pediatric professor at the Federico II University of Naples, responsible for the Covid care hub of the Athens hospital and a member of the Italian Society of Pediatrics (SIP)."
26144	9	What is Family Immunity
26144	11	It is not surprising that statistics have always said that most of the infections occur between the house walls. A study published in the journal Science confirms the Aopi numbers: the risk of infection among parents and children under the age of 5 is reduced by 71% if both parents are vaccinated. It is an easy to understand speech: the more barriers the virus (vaccinations, vaccines, vaccines), the less it will be able to circulate. On the contrary, it is almost impossible to escape Omicron given its speed of spread. And then, even in the presence of symptoms, vaccines prevent hospitalization, which has not happened to those children who are now in the hospital. After the various immunities and inherited immunities of which we have often talked on the Journal.it, there is a third type of which is too little spoken and is the family immunity, i.e. the vaccine coverage for all components of the family core (3-4-5-6, etc.).It is essential to avoid bad surprises due to the Covid-19.
26144	13	“We take care of no vax’s children.”
26144	15	"“For many months we have treated newborns from non-vaccinated mothers, with consequences even very serious. The phenomenon has only begun to decrease recently,” Guarino emphasizes. In pregnancy, women’s immune defences decrease. Not protecting is a bad idea.” Not only: as it often happens in the best families, backward they blow the senses of guilt not to be immunized or not to have done it with their children. “I saw parents regret, once they arrived with the children in the hospital,” he adds, who told phrases like “if I knew, if I could go back, I didn’t imagine all this.” On the other hand, with Omicron everything has changed and we know it for two months: the pediatric hospitals explode, for a teenager who enters one out because, fortunately, in the vast majority of cases the disease passes thanks to hospital care and the lesser aggressiveness of the variant. ""We care them best, but it is clear that we need to find a different solution,"" the pediatrician emphasizes. The solution to which he alerts is only one: immunizing even children between 5 and 12 years of age, who often do not have the ability to decide for them. “The real choice is between taking the vaccine or taking the virus. On the one hand, we have yes and no 10 dead, even less. In Italy alone, the number of victims of the virus is 145,000. Do we need to add more?“He concludes."
26145	1	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. “Sea Watch was the opposite.”
26145	3	Carola Rackete returns to the facts of 2019 after the second archiving against her: “I challenged and won Salvini. On the shock, my ong Sea Watch did not agree.”
26145	5	Carola Rakete: “I’ve come on Matteo Salvini”
26145	7	He openly challenged him, opposed him, in fact he “wined” him but not everyone in his NG agreed with his actions: the words of Carola Rackete – the former captain of the Sea Watch 3 ship that in the summer of 2019 brought to Lampedusa hundreds of migrants saved in the sea – against Matteo Salvini remain straight for two main reasons. The political character of the “ iron arm” engaged with the Viminale now 3 years ago; and also the internal division of the German NG Sea Watch regarding the famous “speronation” of the Italian ship of the Financial Guard.
26145	9	After the second archiving of the accusations against him – just for the entrance to the port of Lampedusa with 40 migrants on board – Carola Rackete to “La Repubblica” tells all the satisfaction for the political battle brought to the end: “At the end Salvini lost. When we were scratched we knew that the decree was approved, but we didn’t expect to end in a conflict with the Italian state. After the recovery of ships in the sea, it was clear that there would not be a political solution: we were all rejecting the port of landing. That’s where I was convinced that I should have the courage to challenge your government just on the field prepared by Salvini with his decree.” The very little “cary” language against him used by the then Minister of the Interior (“German Czech”, “terrorist”) is today greeted by Carola with very precise political accusations, “The language of the Minister demonstrates how from populism it easily dissolves towards authority. The public speech is toxic against women, against migrants, against young people, against the environment. If there had been a man at the Sea Watch 3, Salvini would not behave like that. And he reminded me to know that after my arrest dozens of people protested against sexism.”
26145	11	Return to the Italian Navy
26145	13	In the same interview with Rep, Carola Rackete tells what happened in the fictitious message exchange with Berlin in the “cold” days of arrival in Sicily after the recovery of migrants in the open sea. “I remember the many internal conflicts at Sea Watch. On the one hand there was I, the chief mission Philipp and the chief medical officer on board, on the other hand the back office of Berlin; for the former captain, the choice of entering the Italian territorial waters and also the forced blockade of the Navy in Lampedusa saw him go “contra the recommendations of the back office. We had no agreement or a common strategy. I made a decision that was opposed to a part of the NGO.” But why does it come to know only today that there was no free way of the Sea Watch to the “speronation” of the Italian ship? For Rackete the reason is very simple: “In public Sea Watch was on my side and helped me to deal with the investigation, but I would have wanted consent to Lampedusa too. There was an incredible pressure on me and I was the only one able to make the decision. Internal conflicts have been harder to manage than the conflict with the Italian government.”
26146	1	Terni, the radical left on the square against Putin, against NATO and against the Draghi government. No to weapons to Ukraine
26146	3	The signs of the so-called radical left, Communist Party, Communist Refundation, Power to the People, the Cobas, came down on the square in Terni to protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine but also against NATO’s eastern intervention and against the Draghi government’s decision to send weapons to Ukraine. A demonstration took place this afternoon under the Sword Palace.
26146	5	“A presidium against the war that is bleeding Ukraine but also against the NATO because – says Valerio Tobia of Power to the people of Terni – its expansion to the east has been one of the main causes of this war and the NATO remains a military instrument in the hands of the United States to impose its domination in the world. The United States that played a decisive role in the coup that in 2014 defeated the legitimate Ukrainian government that had the failure to be a Russian flock. To do this coup, the United States did not hesitate to fund declared Nazi gangs. “We are also on the square to say no to the shipping of 3,400 Italian soldiers to the Russian border decided by the Draghi government and to say no to the shipping of weapons, voted by the entire Parliament, to Ukraine.”
26146	7	Facts – according to Tobia – that testify “the subalternity of all political parties to the will of the United States and the European Union.”
26146	9	“For us, Putin and NATO represent two faces of the same medal, they represent the capitalist system that can only lead us to war.”
26146	11	Tobia has called the war of Russia against Ukraine a “criminal aggression.” “We can say that not those political forces that fill the mouth of the word peace but then vote for sending soldiers and weapons to Ukraine, throwing gas on fire for a possible Third World War.”
26147	1	 The last penultimatum of Conte to Draghi: “Arms to Ukraine? We have already given it.”
26147	3	Giuseppe Conte asks the government to stop the shipping of weapons to Ukraine: “Italy has already given and now must be in the forefront for peace.” Draghi will be in the classroom on May 19 for an informative
26147	5	It’s a good idea for you to be able to do it, but it’s a good idea for you to do it. And even though the president grilled yesterday evening at Porta a Porta clarified that he “will not make the executive fall” but that his battle on the position of Italy in the conflict in Ukraine is aimed at “the contribution of the 5 star Movement is respected and heard and can guide the solutions of Palazzo Chigi”, the formation of a broader front among the opponents to the sending of weapons in Ukraine is increasingly agitating the majority. “After a third decree we want to make a reflection? After a third shipment of weapons – which for us should not be neither more heavy nor more lethal – do we want to make a discussion? After the third mission, I think Italy has made its contribution. Italy has already given and now it must be in the forefront for peace,” he told PiazzaPulita. In fact, the League has also begun to beat on this point, making Conte feel less isolated. “I’t allow myself to blame Draghi,” the former prime minister added, saying he didn’t have ‘feated peace’ with the owner of the Chigi Palace, but I put serious political issues I’m asking with the relative majority party. I think, after two and a half months, a government of national unity facing a war emergency has the duty to continue to interlocute with the Parliament. We need a political address, we need to clarify it.”
26147	6	The last penultimatum of Conte a Draghi on weapons in Ukraine
26147	8	The executive has continued to act so far on the basis of the resolution voted with a majority by the Parliament shortly after the Russian invasion. “Today – he asks Conte – it seems to me that somewhat all of us in Italy begin to think about the possibility that the strategic interests of the European Union are not perfectly overwhelming to those of the United States.” It is also a process of reflection: just yesterday Letta met the 5 star leader to try to ammorbid his positions over the government. This is the most important thing that we can do in our world, in our world, in our world, and in our world. To meet the new needs of the Parliament, Draghi will be in the Hall on 19 May for an informative, which will then not be followed by a vote. The head group in the Senate Mariolina Castellone had asked the Prime Minister to express himself through “communications”, at the end of which – contrary to the informative – a resolution is planned. The request did not pass because the other parties, including the League, did not agree. A passage with a vote, according to Conte, would be “a clarification element even for political forces.”
26148	1	The whole humanity under attack
26148	3	Editorial
26148	5	"There is no more than ""No war, no NATO"", as I had to read on a strip circulated in the past days for the streets of Parma. Here the only slogan to scream with how much foam you have in your body is “No war, no Putin!” The scary images of the giant explosions in the capital Kiev and other cities with which the large-scale invasion of Ukraine, subject to a concentric land, sky and sea attack launched from the south, the east and the north, are already talking alone. As well as the numbers of the first victims that are already counted to hundreds. In his hallucinating night speech, Putin called it a “special military operation.” But especially in this tragedy of the unimaginable consequences there is only the fierce premeditation with which the Russian dictator has implemented what he had decided to do for a long time. It is the first time that we have seen it, and we have seen it, and we have seen it, and we have seen it, and we have seen it, and we have seen it, and we have seen it, and we have seen it. The dictators, like the bosses, have always communicated the same way. Giving the idea of being telling something so obvious and banal that it does not admit any doubts or replies of the kind."
26148	7	“Ukraine is our, of the Russian Empire!”, the former senior KGB official of the times when the Berlin Wall was still standing, and “the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the twentieth century” (i.e. the collapse of the Urss always said) was not yet accomplished. Looking at that face made even more of ice from the robust bottle injections, the brivids had soon passed the step to the memories and I was found scaravented again in the midst of Georgia in the summer of 2008. Among dozens of villages burned and raced to the ground and rivers of civilians fleeing from the armies sent by Tsar Vladimir to “protect” the self-proclaimed Russian republics of Osetia and Abkhazia. It’s hard to forget that elderly countryside who kept me moving string into his hands as a relics the key to his lost house forever. Or the empty eyes of the child intended to become the symbol of the campaign “Georgia calls Parma” that I would have launched at my return to Italy. Similarly indelebile the memory of the endless odyssey lived with the director of the Georgian Caritas, Father Witold, to reach Gori, Stalin's hometown. With the fooristrada ball full of bread cuts for the inhabitants who didn’t touch food for days and the dozens of Russian blocks overcome (good for them) only thanks to the special “lasciapassare”. Until arrival in the central square of Gori under the enormous statue of Josif Vissarionovič Džugašvili: the only to observe satisfied the carousel of the Red Army blinds of triumphant soldiers for the victory lamp on the lillipusian Georgian defences broken away in a few days.
26148	9	Now, however, the gangster scheme used 14 years ago in Georgia by the Russian dictator and replicated with the carbon paper in Ukraine (just put on the place of Osetia and Abkhazia the two equally sedicent “republies” of Donetsk and Lungansk long forged and armed as the previous always from Moscow) has turned into the invasion of the second largest country in Europe! And the story – that hard, dirty and evil of the bombs and the inherent civilians used as pedins, not that ashetic and nebulous of the analysts who immediately took the place of the virologists – has repeated itself but this time with much larger proportions. Thus putting the West – unnecessary to hide it – with his back dramatically to the wall. In fact, no one, from Washington to Brussels, from Paris to Berlin passing through Rome, Madrid and London, is or will be willing to “more for Kiev.” As for the sanctions, it would be enough to listen to the recent words of the Russian ambassador in Sweden – “There is nothing from the sanctions!” – to understand that in this damaged game the cave – that is, the gas and not just that – has had it from the beginning the tsar. Not to mention the misleading sympathy of consistent sections of Western politics and public opinion for Putin dictatorship as long as he wants. But for the same reason he is able to make himself respected and, therefore, even worthy of being admired (only 48 hours ago Trump even called him a genius). To repeat that the historically exercised left-wing charm by such characters never dies. Not even to explain and reflect a thousand times what happened to Europe after the British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain made himself off of Hitler in 1938 in Munich.
26148	11	Despite that so devastating precedent, it has actually passed the concept that it would be better not to throw too much the wire with the tsar. While the catastrophe just started tells us that it was only the eternal self-deception of those who continue to live in a world – that of the post-Cold War kissed by the dream of a future without limits of peace, democracy and progress – that no longer exists. Substitued by a world in which, to lead the dances, are the modern autoritarian regimes armed up to the teeth that have decided to break it out.
26148	13	As for other things they have already begun to do scientifically: Putin with Eastern Europe, the Middle East and North Africa and even the Mediterranean soaked now permanently by the most modern Russian battle ships; the Chinese dragon with the rest of Asia and Africa and even with Latin America, waiting (at least a few years) to plant the artifacts in the back of Taiwan.
26148	15	More reasonably, it is simply regreting the comments of those who even facing the tremendous spectacle of Ukraine in flame insist on painting a China against the Russian invasion. Beijing has not condemned a good thing, it has only invited all the parties to “be calm”: it’s hard to keep it for the unhappy Ukrainian people subjected to an uninterrupted missile rain and with 200,000 Red Army soldiers placed under their homes with the order to stay until they’ve finished “denazizing” the whole country.
26148	17	Putin also threatened to hit “everyone who will try to interfere with the operations.” This is a threat to America, Europe and NATO. That is, to all of us. As in the Star Wars saga film, therefore, the empire has hit again. And now it should be clear also to the dumb and blind who could do it again: tomorrow with the Baltic States bound with Russia and already NATO members, or burning the Balkans as already ventilated.
26148	19	The whole humanity and not only Ukraine are under attack. The United Nations said it, Europe and NATO said it, and the Pope said it in his way with his unheard prayer to preserve the world from the madness of war. In the darkest hour since the end of the second world conflict, it remains only to prepare (if it goes well) for another Afghanistan fighting this time in the heart of Europe since the only chance remains to the Ukrainians is to replace on a long and bloody resistance. The damage in some ways is less, if compared to the immanent risk of a Third World War and a nuclear holocaust. That’s what Putin’s “Genius” has brought to us. A genius yes. But of evil.
26149	1	“Putin has finished the missiles. Now Kiev can win.
26149	3	A big bluff that can still hurt. Putin’s threat, in words, of “a fulmining response” with “who has never seen” would actually cover a disastrous situation on the field, according to Pavel Luzin: reduced missile reserves, serious strategic deficiencies and tired, poorly trained troops, which rush in the balloon of an increasingly equipped and convinced Ukrainian counteroffensive. But be careful, Perm warns the analyst of the Russian armed forces: Moscow, if logged and placed with its back on the wall, could resort to extreme solutions.
26149	5	So the threats of Putin are just a bluff?
26149	7	“The possibility that we use nuclear weapons is not to be excluded, but should not be overestimated. Even if Putin had to give the order, there is no guarantee that the order will be executed (thus, in that case it would mean that he would lose the command). Furthermore, the use of atomics would surely involve the end of his personal life, the lives of his circle and their families, as well as the end of Russia itself.”
26149	9	She said that Russia has already used between “80 and 90% of the medium and long-range missiles available.” What does it mean on the military level?
26149	11	This means that Russia is no longer able to cause strategic damage to Ukraine through conventional missile attacks. However, another bridge or fuel deposits hit by another couple of Russian cruise missiles can not change the difficult situation on the field.”
26149	13	Is this why Moscow is moving forward in Donbass?
26149	15	“Russian troops are tired, demoralized and demotivated. In addition to being less trained, the truth is that they are simply unable to act faster and more effectively. In practice, they are limited to avoiding/preventing the threat of the counteroffensive Ukraine. However, they should not be underestimated, because they can continue to hurt.”
26149	17	Then Ukraine, increasingly supplied with offensive weapons from the West, could have a chance?
26149	19	“Ukraine can do so. It can eliminate the threat of Russia in a long-term perspective or even forever and can restore its territorial integrity if supplied with weapons by Western allies. Of course, it depends on the developments on the battlefield and on the internal political situation in Russia. But Kiev can win.”
26149	21	In Mariupol, however, the Russians continue to bomb Azovstal. Should Ukrainian resistance use chemical weapons?
26149	23	“I can’t exclude this criminal scenario. However, the price to be paid would be so high that I doubt that Russia could survive the consequences of this extreme choice.”
26149	25	Firefighters, explosions, railway disturbances, suspected deaths of businessmen. Currently, strange things are happening in Russia. What is behind?
26149	27	“There could be activities of Ukrainian sabotage, but also forms of protest by the same Russians. Many people are against the war, but Russia, coming from a century of totalitarianism, has no tradition of mass political protests. But it has an ancient tradition of resistance and sabotage from the bottom. Many Russians have their relatives and family roots in Ukraine, so some of them may have even acted isolatedly to create problems in the Kremlin. As for the deaths of the oligarchs, it’s hard to say: there could be as much suicides of demoralized representatives of the Russian elite as the extreme measures taken by Moscow against the traitors to show others what the price to be paid.”
26149	29	How do you explain the attacks in Transnistria?
26149	31	“I don’t know how Russia can attack Moldova and think about it. However, we cannot exclude that Moscow tries to intensify the conflict, involving other countries. I think the incidents in Transnistria make more part of a psychological war with which Moscow aims to destroy part of the Ukrainian forces concentrated on the south and east front, where Russian troops are trying to advance.”
26149	33	When will Putin stop?
26149	35	“Putin’s goals have not changed since 2014: a) to destroy the state and national culture of Ukraine; b) to disintegrate the transatlantic unity; c) to create a new order and new global rules that are beneficial to the Kremlin.”
26149	37	To succeed, could it hit the supply lines of Kiev within the NATO countries?
26149	39	“A escalation is possible even in current circumstances. Russia could involve NATO members in a direct struggle to test the allies’ defense capacity and compassion. And, having not a lot of possibilities to throw it on the field, it could raise the brick more and more.”
26149	41	So put to the narrow Putin will use tactical nuclear weapons?
26149	43	“It could, but without any guarantee that your order will be executed (the command and control chain in this case is very complex). This would also put your life at risk. Before we move to nuclear weapons, I think we can attack the Baltic States, Poland and Romania.”
26149	45	"“Putin has finished the missiles. Now Kiev can win""5 May 2022 - 10:36"
26149	47	"Russia’s analyst Pavel Luzin said “Putin would give the order, but it’s not said to be executed.” But he warns: ""If it will strictly attack NATO countries"""
26149	49	A big bluff that can still hurt. Putin’s threat, in words, of “a fulmining response” with “who has never seen” would actually cover a disastrous situation on the field, according to Pavel Luzin: reduced missile reserves, serious strategic deficiencies and tired, poorly trained troops, which rush in the balloon of an increasingly equipped and convinced Ukrainian counteroffensive. But be careful, Perm warns the analyst of the Russian armed forces: Moscow, if logged and placed with its back on the wall, could resort to extreme solutions.
2615	1	"Salvini-Berlusconi against ""American"" Mario Draghi: retroscene, so the war can make the prime minister jump"
2615	3	It is surprising that the League, with great caution, and even Forza Italy are taking the distances from the flat accession and to Draghi's altrance to Biden's strategies. Why be surprised? They are driven by the profound feelings of their voters. Draghi for them is a fortunate accident of history. But seeing our prime minister, which is a perfect ally by the Democratic President of the United States, to the point of choosing him as the first European leader called with every honour to the White House occupied by the Obama and the Clintonians (10 May), is a little too much. He knows of the compassion servile to the desire-pos-command of an Atlantic Pact whose choices are decided by an Anglo-Saxon summit that is infected by our national interests. The weaker we are, the better it is.
2615	5	"Open: The League moves as if it was walking on the eggs. The accusation of having hidden plot with Moscow immediately jumps out as soon as some of its exponents echo out on the policy of ""more weapons, more sanctions"" which is the mantra of ""antifascist sin"". Therefore, he can’t disguise the feelings of his people unless low volume. This also applies to the Berlusconians, and also to the hearing – to the militants and sympathizers of the Brothers of Italy. These latter do not discuss the line of the Meloni, they understand the political convenience in the key of future government of the even exaggerately philothantic position decided by Georgia, but in their hearts they don’t believe us even a little. It is a sad price paid to the depreciation. Not that Meloni's tears are false for the killed children. Another thing is to confuse with the unitary thought."
2615	7	Anyone, as it happens to me, receives or explores a chat attended by the purely varied people of the central right can only witness it: the people of the central right don’t trust Biden for anything, have no intention to be involved in an endless war with the aim of triggering the long “democracy struggle against autocracies”, as the American president said during the exquisites of Margareth Albright. This non-left people are with the Ukrainians, they want to support this poor people, they are in the first row in receiving refugees in their own home and in supporting with medications, food, clothing, caresses the mothers and the little Ukrainians who come angry and scared among us, but they are against the war where now the inhabitants of Kiev and Odessa are accidentally involved as cannon meat. If we do this, we will be afraid in the future.
2615	9	But there is a mainstream discretion for which this popular sense does not find political leaders who know, rather they can give them political dignity: they would be extroached by the civil consensus whose plot was ideally built by the so-called big newspapers and tg. Fear of anatomy. In fact, on the cited chat there is no thought of any parliamentary or central-right leader: fear of being associated with those who express their doubts, and of being therefore crucified as vili and indifferent complices of the putinian brutality. The ball. It is well known for those who put strampal accusations of pointinism. The people simply do not accept the idea of a military escalation that has America and with it Great Britain: a geopolitical and anglospheric war whose threat to the territorial integrity of Ukraine is ultimately a mere pretext.
2615	11	This “struggle between democracies and autocracies” is too similar to the struggle that has produced at least six wars with civilians, such as those unfortunate in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Yemen and Libya. First with Bush, who had at least his justifications, and then with Obama, who had only plans of destabilization of the Mediterranean and the Middle East to plant his ideological flag. This is the most important thing that we can do in our lives, in our lives and in our lives. But that against “Russian autocracy” is a whole other story of risks, even of our country’s economic and existencial survival. One child understands this: one account is bombing an Islamic State, another is ordering the Ukrainians to throw our missiles against an atomic state.
26150	1	"""Divented Zombies with Propaganda"": The Journalist's Non-War Attack on Russia"
26150	3	Marina Ovsyannikova is the Russian no war journalist who presented herself before the cameras of the Russian state television Channel One a few days ago with a poster against the war in Ukraine. For this, her gesture was arrested but her case raised an enormous international case, so that the journalist was released after the trial and forced to pay a fine of 30,000 rubles, about 220 euros. This evening she presented herself in front of the cameras of What Time does for an interview in connection with Fabio Fazio, during which she didn’t save herself and expressed her concerns about what’s happening in Russia.
26150	5	"“Certly I’m afraid, I’m a normal person, a resident of Moscow and I have two children shooting alone and I’m more afraid of them than of myself. I'm afraid they may be the subject of an aggression at school, or on the street, there are people who think differently and I'm afraid,"" she revealed on Rai 3, stressing that after what happened she was isolated and now she's completely alone. ""After this incident on television no one called me, one person wrote me and sent me a word of support, but among people closer to me no one called me,"" Marina Ovsyannikova said. Fear in Russia is so much, dissensus is punished with very severe penalties and there are few who have the courage to expose themselves."
26150	7	"The situation in Russia is very complicated. The country has lived one of its darkest moments for 30 years on this side and isolation from the rest of the world contributes to plagiarizing the minds of the inhabitants who are unable to have access to other sources of communication. The results are those exposed by Marina Ovsyannikova: ""According to the latest sociological surveys, 50% of the Russian population supports this war and 50% is against, and these are independent surveys. But if we see the surveys made by national centers the picture is different and we are talking about 70% in favour of this intervention, but we must remember that they are people who have received brainwashing from national propaganda.” She added: “Today, from morning to evening, we have political shows where we talk badly about Ukraine and where we say that this country must disappear. People are “zombized” by this propaganda."
26150	9	"In recent days, Marina Ovsyannikova has announced that she has left her job but has publicly stated that she does not want to leave Russia, so that she has declined the offer of asylum from France. It is inevitable that the machine of the foam against her by the Russian disinformation, which now accuses her of being a ""spy"" to the British's balance. The government of London strongly rejects it."
26151	1	Zelensky: “Putin like Hitler wants the final solution. Without agreement is the Third World War.
26151	3	The Ukrainian president raises the tones speaking to the Israeli Parliament, but the comparison with the Shoah doesn’t like Israel: “Old”
26151	5	Russia is like Nazi Germany. Vladimir Putin as Adolf Hitler who wanted the “final solution” to eradicate the Jewish people.
26151	7	Volodymyr Zelensky strikes hard in his intense online intervention in the Parliament: the words of the Ukrainian president rimbomban – not by chance – in the ears of the Israeli Knesset members and rimbolish in the Tel Aviv Square where a megascherm was installed to allow citizens to listen to Zelensky, of Jewish faith.
26151	9	“The Russians are using these words again, ‘the final solution’, in relation to us, the Ukrainian nation,” he said. He added that Russia’s invasion “is aimed at destroying the people of Ukraine and that’s why it resembles what the Nazis did to the Jewish people during the Shoah.”
26151	11	"Receive the Zelensky dose: the Russians ""use the terminology of the Nazi party, they want to destroy everything. The Nazis called this ‘final solution’ to the Jewish issue.” From here the urge to “do a choice”, recalling that Israel has not yet imposed sanctions on Moscow or supplied weapons to Ukraine."
26151	13	"The President of Ukraine then continues to ask for a meeting with Vladimir Putin and raises the tones paving an extension of the conflict: ""We must use any chance to be able to talk with Putin. If these attempts fail, it is the Third World War. I am ready to negotiate, without negotiations we cannot end this war.”"
26151	15	"A sign of hope in this sense comes from Ankara, with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu who said that ""the parties are close to an agreement"" and ""the negotiating boost is progressing."""
26151	17	According to Turkey, the parties are discussing six points: Ukraine’s neutrality, disarmament and security guarantees, the “denazization”, the removal of the obstacles to the use of Russian language in Ukraine, the status of the separatist region of the Donbass and the status of Crimea, annexed to Russia in 2014.
26151	19	The masses of Donbass and Crimea are the most controversial points, as Zelensky himself confirms: “There are compromises for which we are not ready as an independent state. Any compromise regarding our territorial integrity and sovereignty has been made clear by the Ukrainian people.”
26151	21	“OLTRAGO PARAGON” – Not all Israeli MPs have liked the parallelism between the war in Ukraine and the Shoah. “Ammir Zelensky and I support the Ukrainian people with the heart and facts, but the terrible story of the Shoah cannot be rewrite. The war is tremendous but the comparison with the horrors of the Shoah and the final solution is overwhelming.”
26151	23	"According to the media, other ministers and parliamentarians have called the comparison ""extraordinary""."
26151	25	(Unioneonline and L)
26153	1	"Pride, Zan: ""Destra uses human rights for electoral consensus, but we will win"""
26153	3	"The Deputy of the Democratic Party at the demonstration in Milan: ""Unacceptable attitude on the skin of people"""
26153	5	“There is a right in Italy that uses the human rights of people to get them out of the electoral consensus. This I consider criminal, because in other countries human rights are a heritage of all, while here it is politically divided and becomes a matter of political confrontation.” It is said by the Democratic Party deputy, Alessandro Zan, on the margins of the Pride of Milan. “This is why – continues Zan – it is unacceptable that on the skin and on the lives of people there is this attitude of political instrumentality, simply for a electoral dividend. In the end we will win, because those applause and those screams are nothing but an expression of resistance to change and civilization.”
26154	1	“Little Christian and very fascist,” the portrait of Pillon according to Paola Turci
26154	3	“Little Christian and very fascist,” the portrait of Pillon according to Paola Turci
26154	5	The singer commented on a social post of the legist senator in which he highlighted the gesture of some Tampa baseball players who refused to descend to the field with the arcobalen logo in the month of Pride.
26154	7	On the one hand, there are those who rise for the gesture of a few (there are 5 players in a single team) and make it a representation of the thought of most people living on the planet Earth. On the other hand, there are those who remind – as it has already happened in the past – that discriminations are not in line with Christian-Catholic thought and, in some ways, refer to an ideology historically defeated during the Second World War. And so Paola Turci has scattered against the legitimate senator Simone Pillon for a social post.
26154	9	How little is Christian (and very fascist) all this, manifest included. pic.twitter.com/5w2JfaXL00
26154	11	— Paola Turci (@paolaturci) June 18, 2022
26154	13	Paola Turci against Pillon, “lightly Christian and very fascist”
26154	15	Everything started with a social card shared by the Senator of the Carroccio. A post in which he commented on the decision of some Tampa baseball players to refuse the arcobalen logo to descend into the field during the month of Pride. And Pillon went out writing:
26154	17	“Honours to Tampa’s baseball players who have refused to wear the gay pride logo in the name of their Christian faith. The LGBT ideology is radically against faith, as the blasphemic parades of these days demonstrate. Opposition to the gay agenda is a gesture of faith. It is expensive, and I know something about it, since I’ve been under process for almost 8 years, but it’s worth it. No one hates or dishonors, but faithful to the truth.”
26154	19	The news is real, but does not have the scope indicated by the lawmaker. There were only five players in the Tampa Bay Rays franchise. The rest of the team, on the other hand, joined the initiative – launched last June 4 – on the occasion of the Pride Night.
26154	21	Today, we wear our #Pride on our sleeves pic.twitter.com/bcOLJNhx6Y
26154	23	— Tampa Bay Rays (@RaysBaseball) June 4, 2022
26154	25	Five out of 26 (this number of components, speaking only of players, which make up the roster of the Tampa Bay Rays team). But for the lawful senator they represent the majority of people in the world. But Paola Turci’s attention to Pillon is based not on the news, but on the words used by the Parliamentary Parliament of Carroccio:
26154	27	“How little is Christian (and very fascist) all this, manifestly included.”
26154	29	The singer, who has always supported the rights of the LGBT community, for this judgment has ended in the hole of the same Pillon who wanted to dedicate her another social post:
26154	31	“Paola Turci calls me little Christian and very fascist for supporting Tampa (Florida) players who refused to wear the colors of the Gay Pride. We are now absurd that it is not enough to tolerate passively the LGBT guidelines: it is mandatory to join the Pride, it is a pity the discommunication reserved to the fascists...
26154	33	Ladies and sisters, you are singing...
26154	35	I wish you soon heal from COVID, and also from the ideologies you bring in your heart.
26154	37	I, as the Tampa players, and as the vast majority of the world’s population, want to be free from the arcobalen cocks.
26154	39	By the way, fascist is the one who wants to impose on others his own dogms. I don’t claim that you come to the processions, but you can’t claim that we adhere to LGBT dictates.”
26155	1	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26155	3	“Seven young Bengalians were stunned by hypothermia a few miles from the coast of Lampedusa. Again, in the indifference of the European Union, the other unacceptable tragedy in the Mediterranean Sea has been consumed.” It was said by the mayor of Palermo Leoluca Orlando, who wrote a mission to the new President of the European Parliament, Roberta Metsola, for migrant emergency.
26155	5	Recovery of rescue in the sea
26155	7	“In just these hours,” Orlando wrote, “I sent a letter to the new President of the European Parliament, Roberta Metsola, emphasizing the urgency of establishing the RECS (Rescue European Civil Service), a European body responsible for the rescue of sea lives. A call that runs, with even more strength, after the drama that took place in the afternoon.”
26155	9	“The EU cannot remain indifferent”
26155	11	"""The European Union has the duty to work to make the Mediterranean a place of peace and dialogue and cannot remain indifferent to a genocide."""
26155	13	Orlando then expressed “the pain for the disappearance of these young victims and solidarity on the island of Lampedusa, which with Palermo and other dozens of European cities including Potsdam, Paris, Barcelona, Athens, Marseille, is part of the International Alliance of Safe Ports established right in Palermo last June on the occasion of the meeting From Sea To The City. Lampedusa, as well as the many municipalities that have to face the landings, cannot be left alone by the Italian government and the European institutions.”
26155	15	The letter of Mayor Orlando
26155	17	In this letter, which I hope will constitute for His desired authority the beginning of a collaboration, I wish to remind the strategic position of our two islands and their location in the center of the Mediterranean that I consider should be not a dividing sea but a “water continent”, “a liquid continent” that unites the peoples.
26155	19	Meanwhile, I had the opportunity to interlocute with His predecessor (David Sassoli, ndr), to whom I was linked an ancient friendship and a strong sharing of values, with references to criticism and prospects of the future of the Mediterranean region. A Mediterranean of dialogue, peace, innovation and respect for traditions, I believe is important for the strengthening of the path of realization of the “prophecy” of the Founder Fathers of European Unity.
26155	21	The theme of international human mobility and the respect of the right to life and other human rights of migrants cannot leave insensitive the whole European Union that cannot bear on our two islands the weight of purely duty welcome. In particular, on 9 May 2021 (Europe Day), I sent to President David Sassoli, receiving great attention, the proposal to establish the RECS (Rescue European Civil Service), a European body responsible for the rescue in the sea of migrants and this priority and regardless of the necessary measures to regulate access and reception. This proposal has been shared by numerous citizens from all over Europe and has been presented and resumed in June 2021 on the occasion of the “From Sea to Cities” initiative held in Palermo in agreement with the citizen of Potsdam.
26155	23	Saving human lives in the sea can not be relied exclusively on pure merit but sporadic commitment of commodity ships, cruise, fishing or NGOs. With gratitude for the attention and waiting to have the honor to meet her, I send the most desirable wishes for good work,” concludes Orlando.
26157	1	The homophobia of the Patriarch of Moscow revealed the criminal nature of the Russian invasion
26157	3	Thanks to Kirill, the Patriarch of the Orthodox Church of Moscow and of all Russia, the international public opinion has discovered the serious reasons that led Vladimir Putin to invade Ukraine with the goal – as it was once said – to make it a desert and call it peace.
26157	5	In his sermon at the end of the Divine Liturgy in the Cathedral of Christ the Savior in Moscow, the Patriarch indicated, urbi et orbi, the true enemy: the gay lobby.
26157	7	In essence, to say of the Holy Man, in the government of Kiev there are not only narcissists and Nazis, but homosexuals (for – given the context – let’s take the freedom to return to the multi-year repertoire of the Italian comedy: frogs, reckons, cheques, busons, culatons and go), incurring of what has become politically correct in the West of gender identity.
26157	9	And how would the oppression of the Russian-speaking populations of the Donbass be manifested? With weapons, discrimination, genocide? No; gay pride was forcefully imposed on them, because, according to Kirill, these stands were “designed to demonstrate that sin is one of the variations of human behavior.”
26157	11	This is why to join the club of those countries (the EU? The Atlantic Alliance? What is a confidential clause of the Maastricht Agreements? “A parade of the gay pride.”
26157	13	Not to make a political statement “we’re with you”, not to sign agreements, but – continued the Patriarch – to organize a gay parade.
26157	15	And we know how people resist these demands and how this resistance is repressed by force. This means that it is about forcefully imposing a sin condemned by the law of God, and thus forcefully imposing on people the denial of God and of His truth.”
26157	17	We didn’t know, but it seems that in those martyric lands, among the people all home and family, rigorously heterosexual and afraid of God, the government of Kiev would send the armed carriages to protect the various parades of gay pride and force the Russians to assist them impotent.
26157	19	“If mankind acknowledges that sin is not a violation of the law of God, if mankind acknowledges that sin is one of the options for human behavior, then human civilization will end there.”
26157	21	Therefore, the Russian invasion is not, as we believed, a matter of borders, of influence zones, of national security, of imperialist vocation, but a struggle against the patterns of life promoted by gay parades. If you read well the lists of proscription made by Putin, you might doubt that Italy has not been included because it has joined the sanctions and the sending of weapons to Ukrainian demo-national-toxic-gay.
26157	23	If the tsar, the new advocate of the faith, has been advised by Kirill, it could claim from us the commitment – through an amendment to the Constitution (which has now seen it all) in favour of the natural family – that the Parliament will never end up approve the ddl Zan.
26157	25	Was this,, the promise that Putin expected from Mario Draghi’s announced visit to Moscow? The Western public was amazed when Vladimir the Terrible. He talked about the peacekeeping operation, without realizing that his intentions were exactly the ones to make the good costumes travel on the tanks and to decorate the canons with roses. And to liberate Ukraine from sinners against nature, defeaters of the “human civilization”.
26157	27	In practice a cross to re-invert – Kirill docet – the inverters. It’s a bad thing that the devil always puts the cage on us. In the Extermination Camps that in the last century a Nazi doc had disappeared throughout Europe, in addition to Jews and Zyngars (and political opponents), homosexuals were also closed.
26158	1	The exhibition that tells the season of Italian bipopulism
26158	3	Italian populism is in the process of recession. Per it is the Draghi effect, that is, what is read in the economic recovery data, in the numbers of the vaccine campaign against the Covid-19 and, from a strictly political perspective, also in the weakening of the populist leaders, that at the last election turn – that of the administrative – they have failed to shut down the electorate.
26158	5	When this executive was born, Italy was going through a double crisis: that sudden due to the Covid-19 and that politics that has characterized the last decade, made of anger against the “casta”, of urlate sovranisms, of improponible anti-Europeisms, of institutions to open as a box of tone.
26158	7	The fight against Italian populism has been declined in many ways during the two days of the Linkiesta Festival at the Teatro Franco Parenti in Milan. Also through the photography: last Friday, November 12, at 19 a.m., the photographic exhibition “The Years of Populism” was inaugurated, a photographic report with the photographs of Gianni Cipriano which targeted almost a decade of Italian political history through the faces and positions of Beppe Grillo, Luigi Di Maio, Matteo Salvini and other representatives of populism to the Italian.
26158	9	“I wanted to photograph a decade of politics, with its particularities, its protagonists and its exceptionality, from the growth of the 5-star Movement to the years when the League was very strong,” Cipriano said, telling the exhibition and its genesis. A spacecraft of Italian history with the rise and – hopefully – fall of the anti-system political forces, a timeline that goes from the beginning of the Ten years to the present day. A very long time in which there have been several significant moments to frame.
26158	11	“Thro the years – explains Gianni Cipriano – my approach has also changed: between 2013 and 2016 the perception of populism was different, I myself preferred to photograph the socio-economic condition of Italy looking at the citizens, their difficulties, and for this there was more passion and even more anger in my work. But at some point I thought to turn 180 degrees and look at the policy that created this condition, and it is at that moment that I decided to give the project the definitive form that we see today in exposure: I turn the attention to who the policy does it not who is suffering it.”
26158	13	The instant in white and black of Gianni Cipriano alternate wide-field drawings and details, big angles and detailed details. There is Luigi Di Maio’s elevated ring and there is Matteo Salvini among the crowd, there is a desert parliament and there is Virginia in the forefront. “Sometimes a wide image can allow you to quickly explain a whole day, but in other cases a detail tells better than so many words a feeling, a moment, a story.”
26158	15	For the author this political phase is difficult to understand and explain, but it is not necessarily unpublished in Italy: “The singular aspect – explained Gianni Cipriano – is that some particularities of our policy have a kind of cyclicity. There is a parallel with Silvio Berlusconi's landslide in 1994, after Tangentopolis and the strikes, then the crisis of traditional parties and the arrival of a new protagonist who imposes and the people who seem to kiss by land at the passage of the new messiah. In the last decade we have seen the Cinquestelle and Beppe Grillo emerging, which are partly the fruit of that culture, of the valuation of a policy that has less content but more entertainment capabilities, the theatrical aspect. So the policy that becomes less concrete and more spectacular.”
26158	17	The exhibition “The Years of Populism” is a selection of a broader project, entitled “Politico”, which tells, precisely, the last political season and its storytelling through iconic images.
26158	19	The drawings are also present in the new number of Linkiesta Paper on the years of populism (you can order here, it arrives in two days), or you can buy in the buildings of Milan and Rome. The shade and the format of Linkiesta Paper value the white and black of Gianni Cipriano's drawings, which here are accompanied by a wise of Francesco Cundari.
26159	1	Ukraine can win the war, help it now
26159	3	Now that we have helped the moving Ukrainian people not to lose the war against Russia, we must help them win it.
26159	5	Many seemed impossible that Kiev could resist the invader and now some might seem ingenious to imagine a victory of the Ukrainians against the Nazi army of the Kremlin. It is not so. Ukraine can win and will win, but because the Ukrainians know that, however painful it is to count every day the number of their heroes killed in defense of their own culture (“heroiam slava”), the fate of their nation would be even more corrupt if they let the armed carriers pass with the Russian imperialist Z.
26159	7	They saw it in Bucha two months ago, where the Russians coldly killed all those who were shooting, and in other southern areas where they launched an obscene deucrainization campaign. Thirty thousand Ukrainian children have been deported to Russia since February 24 to accelerate the program of ethnic cleansing and forced assimilation.
26159	9	Especially, the Ukrainians have lived the Russian fever on their own skin during more than a century of persecution, repression and famine extermination planned by the subsequent occupants of the Kremlin.
26159	11	What is certain is that the Ukrainians will fight until the end to prevent the Russians from deleting their culture and their country.
26159	13	Now it is up to America and the EU countries to put them in the conditions of fighting with the weapons necessary to throw the Russians out of the gates of Europe.
26159	15	If the Ukrainians arrived here, despite the delays in the delivery of weapons, adequately equipped would be able to face the Russian army more effectively and lose less men on the front, unlike what the sedicent experts of Italian television and newspapers say.
26159	17	On the other hand, the sedentary experts have not acclaimed one of this war or, better, have always strengthened all the facets of Russian propaganda: first they said that Russia had no intention to attack Ukraine, ridiculizing the only newspaper that had written it three months in advance (the Republic of Mauritius Molinari), then that Putin would conquer Kiev and defeat Ukraine in a few hours with a continuation of increasingly acrobatic fregnacces aimed at justifying Russian imperialism and taking it with the Americans and treating the Ukrainians who died under the bombings as Nazis or a pedopoly game that did not concern them.
26159	19	And, on the contrary, the Ukrainians are anti-Nazi, they are democratic, they are European, they resisted with courage despite late Western aid and forced the invaders to withdraw from Kiev and the north of the country. At that point, the sedentary experts elaborated the thesis, always so dear to the Kremlin, that Putin’s goals were indeed other, more limited, or that the stupid resistance of Ukraine would make Putin angry seriously or that the supply of weapons to Kiev would accelerate the end of Ukraine.
26159	21	They pushed to spread fake news first about Joe Biden and then about Europe, according to them ready to leave the attacked people, but exactly the opposite happened: while experts further pollute Italian political debate with their fake news, Biden authorized an additional billion dollars in weapons for Ukraine and the three major European leaders, followed the next day by Boris Johnson, went to Kiev to support Ukraine.
26159	23	Russia, however, has already lost the war and has lost it in a catastrophic way, despite military conquering some cities in the east and south of the giant Ukrainian territory.
26159	25	Putin imagined to be welcomed with roses and flowers in the east and to put a foolish government in Kiev within a few days, but he remained enthusiastic in the Donbass because he underestimated the independent spirit of the Ukrainians and underestimated the will of the West to react. Putin was used to that anti-American calltron of Donald Trump, which if he had been re-elected, Hillary Clinton told the Financial Times on Saturday, would have left the NATO with so many greetings to Europe that we know.
26159	27	Russia has lost the war because it has become the canyon state for excellence, the paria of any international context, the country from which to stay away to not get stuck of complications with a genocide that is ongoing. No one wants to have more to do with the Russians, except the Italian TV.
26159	29	Putin will never be accepted as an interlocutor by no one in the West, his scaners have the accounts, property and yachts blocked and soon also kidnapped and invested for the reconstruction of Ukraine. The Central Bank of Moscow has the foreign assets frozen (thanks Mario Draghi), the European states that energyally depend on Gazprom are equipped with supplies from other countries and with alternative energy to Russian gas (Italy today already makes less than 50 percent of Russian gas and in the winter 2022/23, said Eni's delegate administrator Claudio De Scalzi to the Republic of Ideas, will be able to do less than all of Moscow's supply).
26159	31	Finland and Sweden have officially called for membership in the NATO, while the attempts of the Italian friends of Putin to leave the euro, weaken Europe and leave the NATO have failed, despite resisting in the self-proclaimed independent republics of the 7th and of Bianca Berlinguer.
26159	33	Russia has lost politically and strategically the conflict it has triggered, but now it lies the free world to help the Ukrainians defeat it even militarily, without worrying about offending Vladimir Putin’s susceptibility or offering him outputs that don’t serve him as he manipulates the internal reality to his desire.
26159	35	We must help Ukraine even more by accelerating its decision to enter Europe and above all by providing all the weapons it needs to reject the Russians and force them to deal with a weakness position.
26159	37	“Slava Ukraini,” glory to Ukraine, is a very beautiful slogan to pronounce with Western accent in a sign of solidarity to the Ukrainian people in the struggle against the invader, but delivering them – immediately, now, today – the tools and technologies to win the war, to save the country and to defend liberal democracy is the right thing to do.
26159	39	Saying “Slava Ukraini” and answering “Heroiam slava” warms the heart, but it is not enough. What Ukraine and the Ukrainian heroes ask us is, “Remove it!”
2616	1	Unlawful immigration: the evil that no one wants to solve
2616	3	Illegal immigration is a form of slavery. A merchandise of human beings from double damage, as now anyone who is a minimum assigned should recognize. This is a direct damage both to the populations of departure, who constantly swallow their land of possible labour, and to those of destination, attacked practically under every profile (cultural, economic, ethnic) and slowly led to destruction. Of their rights to work and to the support of the State of membership, but also of their possibility of existence as a community. In fact, extinction would be more correct, if we take care of the fact that Italians have no longer had children for decades, but this doesn’t seem to be relevant, because ceasing to exist is a problem only when it concerns others, and not ourselves. 
2616	4	Triple landings compared to 2020, when the rise of a destructive phenomenon that no one really wants to stop has already begun. When someone – like then Interior Minister Matteo Salvini, without forgetting the already good results of the predecessor Marco Minniti – brakes it and reduces it by 96%, it is to be considered an exception. It is cultural and even judiciary.
2616	6	For years we have known the dynamics of what is happening. We know of the “recovery” of the clandestines already on the Libyan coast (proved by all the salellitary analyses carried out at the time by Gefira and reloaded by youtuber Luca Donadel now different time ago). With the momentan opposition of the government Conte I we know, we know to memory their ostination in waiting near the Italian coasts even weeks to land for force in Italy (case Acquarius, Sea Watch, and many others observed in the summer of 2018 and 2019), despite the alternative proposals of other possible ports (in Tunisia, but also in Spain).
2616	8	For years we know everything. We know that we are not talking about migrants (the word “invented” for the purpose) but clandestines. And by charity, we cannot even call them so, even if they are, and in an indisputable way. But we do not react. Or rather, it does not react to a certain political and cultural part that has literally undertaken this country. Not only does it not react, but it encourages.
2616	9	An unhearded scream
2616	11	The fight against illegal immigration is an unhearded scream. The url of despair of those who seek with every means to make a society that has no intention of it, but above all a leading class well willing not only to accept, but almost to promote the phenomenon. The few who did not do so ended up under the trial. And the results they obtained were first humiliated in the course of work (think to Carola Rackete who enters indisturbed into our territorial waters) then drowned after their mandate, with the great restoration of the “collection” and “deposit” operations of the so-called “migrants.”26161
26161	3	Nominations, discontinuations, waste between Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping. The Telegram General Svr channel, managed by an accredited former Russian loogotenant, tells about tensions between the Russian president and the Chinese homologist.
26161	5	The Japanese press confirmed that on June 15, during a telephone conversation, Xi Jinping hardly rejected and determined the call of the number one of the Kremlin to make an official visit to Russia in the full of the invasion of Ukraine: “Al the Kremlin has struck to confuse this information, it is the absolute truth. But it’s not all, there are other details. Putin has expressed himself unlucky toward the Chinese leader for refusing to help him overcome the sanctions. He also attributed him a sarcastic surname of which the Chinese leader has now come to know.”
26161	7	According to General Svr, Xi Jinping felt disappointed by Putin and for this reason he denied him a face-to-face that was intended to dissipate doubts and differences. But the media bomb, the telegram channel throws it at the end: “In fact, the president of Russia also has a surname, in Chinese leadership Putin is called ‘chicken’. It’s true or propaganda to insinuate suspicions and break the Horse-Dragon front?
26162	1	"Police are warning of drought. The warning of Fabrizio Curcio: ""Rational Water of the Day"""
26162	3	There is no need to improve the emergency drought in Italy. In a few weeks, Fabrizio Curcio, head of the Department of Civil Protection, will be decreed the state of emergency. It is the time it takes, up to two weeks, to “clear the measures to be applied.” “We are working with the Regions that help us understand the measures” necessary in the most affected areas, explained interviewed by Sky Tg24. It is not to be excluded “a rationalization of the water, in the daily stages,” he then added. “This year we had to tolerate 40-50% less water and drought is a widespread problem throughout Italy. It is necessary to understand the measures to be put in place to mitigate it. We are working with the regions. The state of emergency must be declared after it has been defined,” he added.
26162	5	Heat summer for travelers: after the gasoline also increases the highway
26162	7	The President of the Conference of the Regions, Massimiliano Fedriga, reiterated that he has already taken contact with the Civil Protection. “If the situation goes on this way,” said Friuli Governor Venezia Giulia, “the state of emergency will be proclaimed.” Fedriga said concerned about the situation in her region: “I think we’ve never seen such a situation here.” The risk of a rationalization is real, as explains Stefano Patuanelli, Minister of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policy. “The water resource is lacking and there is a need for conscious and diversified water use, identifying what are the priorities that the law already clearly identifies: civil use first, use to drink the animals in the second battle, agriculture and then industrial part,” she said. The Po level is -3.4 meters compared to the hydrometric zero, more than half a meter lower than in Ferragosto a year ago, with the drought that affects the harvests, from rice to silk, from corn to soy, but also the crops of grain and other cereals and drinks for the feed of the animals, at a time when it is necessary to ensure full production with the war in Ukraine. The Po appears unrecognizable with a large stretch of sand that occupies a large part of the river bed that is fundamental to the ecosystem of the Padana Planura where for the lack of water.
26162	9	Try to steal her from the pocket. But the woman reacts and throws him with socks and puzzles.
26162	11	The regions are running on repairs. After decreting the state of emergency, Attilio Fontana, president of the Lombardy region, said he was in contact with Switzerland. “The demand we have made is to Switzerland as regards the Ticino and the water that descends from their hydroelectric basins.” A little relief is expected to arrive in the northern regions already today. From the first hours, in fact, there will be the passage of a disturbed front that will affect the northern regions and the high Toscana, with strong weather, grandinated and associated winds. The ventilation, from the western squares, will determine a progressive decrease in temperatures, first to the north and then also to the center-south. On the basis of the available forecasts, the Department of Civil Protection of Agreement with the regions involved – to which the activation of civil protection systems in the territories concerned is responsible – issued a warning of adverse weather conditions. The weather phenomena, impacting the various areas of the country, could determine the hydrogeological and hydraulic criticisms that are, in a national summary, in the national criticism and warning report on the department’s website (www.protezionecivile.gov.it). The warning provides from the early hours of today precipitation from spread to spread, in prevalent reverse or temporal character, even of strong intensity, on the Valley of Aosta and Piemonte, in extension, during the morning in Liguria, Emilia-Romagna, Lombardy, autonomous provinces of Trento and Bolzano, Veneto and northern Toscana. The phenomena will be accompanied by high-intensity turns, frequent electricity activity, large locations and strong wind rays.
26162	13	"The virologist Pregliasco said the rules on the beach: ""Let the masks be like the sunbrill"""
26163	1	The World Health Organization (WHO) warns Europe: “There are triple cases.” The virus spreads
26163	3	The World Health Organization has issued a warning on the flock of the monkeys. WHO’s regional director for Europe, Hans Henri Kluge, called on the countries to take “urgency and coordinated” measures to “invert” the ongoing spread of the monkeys on the continent.
26163	5	Dg Oms: More than 3,200 cases confirmed and one death
26163	7	The World Health Organization (WHO) warns that the number of apes flood cases in Europe has tripled over the last two weeks. Kluge said that the number of infections in Europe accounts for about 90% of the total in the world, observing that 31 European countries have already identified cases. In short, according to the responsible, the WHO could review the position for which so far the spread of the disease has not been considered an emergency.
26163	9	I think it’s a good thing to do, but I think it’s a good thing to do.
26163	11	"""Most cases"" of VAIOLO of the monkeys ""rapped so far have affected people between the ages of 21 and 40 and 99%"" of the infected "" are men, with the majority, among those for whom we have information about,"" represented by ""men who have sex with men. However, small numbers of cases have been among family members, heterosexual contacts and non-sex contacts, as well as among children.”"
26163	13	It’s a good idea for you to be able to do it.
26163	15	"""Where the information is available - continues the number one of Oms Europe - 10% of patients were hospitalized for therapy or isolation, and one patient was hospitalized for intensive therapy. Fortunately, they have not died so far. The vast majority of cases of ""infection"" are presented with a skin eruption and about 3 quarters have systemic symptoms such as fever, fatigue, muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhea, brivides, throat or headache."
26164	1	On May 9, Zelensky from Kiev curses Putin on the Red Square: “It’s like Hitler. We will have two days of victory.”
26164	3	An endless blow and response, not only in the military field but also in the communication and media level. Vladimir Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky do not seem to want to find a point of union. They continue in their mutual borders. In response to the Kremlin leader's speech during the day in Moscow's Red Square, the Ukrainian president again compared the enemy acertim to Hitler.
26164	5	“Only a fool can hope to repeat 2194 days of conflict in the Second World War.” These words Zelensky spoke during a video filmed while traveling in the center of Kiev, in which he counteracted the usual accusations made by Putin on the Day of Russian Victory. Rinking the dose, he then reiterated the annoying parallel between him and the author of the extermination of millions of people in the Nazi period: “He is repeating today the horrible crimes of Hitler’s regime, following the Nazi philosophy and replicating everything they did. He is condemned. Because he was cursed by millions of ancestors when he began to imitate their killer. And then he will lose everything.” He has never pronounced his name, as a sign of the profound dishonesty he experiences against him. However, it remains very clear to whom it is addressed.
26164	7	Video on this topic
26164	9	The arrival of Putin and that brilliant gesture on the Red Square before the speech
26164	11	Video on this topic
26164	13	Zelensky, as the Ansa reports, renewed for the next time at the G7 the request for the withdrawal of the Moscow army “from all Ukraine”. Despite the permanent denial of the head of the Russian armed forces regarding a possible global expansion of the conflict, the climate is not actually idyllic. On the other hand, every day that passes, we are increasingly aware of the need to somehow reach a compromise between the two nations, in order to avoid an unprecedented disaster.
26164	15	Video on this topic
26164	17	The arrival of Putin and that brilliant gesture on the Red Square before the speech
26164	19	Video on this topic
26165	1	Ius Scholae: “The true Italians are analphabets”
26165	3	It is not a matter of political polemics about the measure that provides for the acquisition of the right of citizenship by foreign minors who have attended Italian schools for at least five years. And it is not surprising that the hardest words come from Matteo Salvini, considering that the law would go to touch one of the most identical topics of the League since its birth: fostering racism and xenophobia without sense to take more votes.
26165	5	Salvini intervened on the topic during a committee in Portu Cunnu, the municipality of the triestine host of the 125th stage of the “Tour Electoral 2022 Lammerda”, which the leader is leading forward throughout the region, and that he will see reach the record number of 7534 dates, between municipalities, villages, bathrooms, restaurants, discoteques and chiringuitos. The Captain dedicated only a short passage to the theme of the Ius Scholae but, thanks to the usual argumentative lucidity, he managed to make it emerge even in the extended sea of liquams that he is usually vomiting during his public speeches.
26165	7	“The Ius Scholae is just propaganda of the left and does not solve the problems of the Italians. We are favorable to give citizenship to those who deserve it, without distinctions: we don’t care from which underdeveloped country they come, or what color of their scabbia is – said Salvini – but going to school, being educated and speaking well Italian are not part of our traditions and our values. The true Italians are the seeds of analphabets of going and returning, being ignorant is now in our DNA. Not to mention the Christian roots: Jesus taught us to pray, not to read. If I reached 30% of the votes, I’ll know what I’m talking about, or not?”
26165	9	The intervention was greeted with the crushing applause of hundreds of hands without opponible pounds, and the ovation would be much more fragile if 70% of the supporters present had not missed the contact between the right hand and the left. Even in the subsequent reactions of the main allies, Salvini recorded a warm approval, but with some frequency, to indicate that the well-known bad mood within the central right has not yet been solved.
26165	11	Giorgia Meloni said: “Ius Soli Salvini is right, but we, the Brothers of Italy, said these things 300 million years ago, before the great mass extinction of the Permian, caused by illegal immigration. At that time the trilobites distorted us because of the alleged stupidity of our arguments, today we are pleased to see that all the central right has finally reached a lower intellectual quota than that of the artropods.” It is also predictable the attempt of mediation of Silvio Berlusconi, who as an alternative to the Ius Scholae proposes the Ius Mammarie for all minors who will prove to have at least one 3a of registration.
26165	13	by Gianni Zoccheddu
26167	1	The Inchine of Draghi to the Sultan
26167	3	Everything is resolved with a sultan's injection. “We must be honest with the dictators but cooperate,” Draghi said last year referring to Erdogan and opening a diplomatic case. Since 2021, in the middle of the war in Ukraine, Libyan chaos and tensions in the eastern Mediterranean, the president of the Italian Council has made a step forward: now with the dictator we not only cooperate, we have become “friends” as Draghi said yesterday in Ankara. Also complicated.
26167	5	Italy and NATO, in order to make Sweden and Finland enter the Alliance, have spread the fate of the Kurds to Erdogan, and yesterday Draghi went to Ankara, in the company of five ministers, with the chapel in hand to ask for support on the gas (Tap and Tanap), on offshore concessions to Cyprus (staccated by Turkey) and on Libya, where in Tripolitania Erdogan leads the dances between the factions and Italy with the Eni does not extract the oil and gas he would need.
26167	7	In exchange for Turkey, we offer weapons – this meant the presence of the Defense Minister Guerini in Ankara – an increase in the exchange (currently 20 billion euros) and we are therefore preparing to close the eyes on Erdogan’s misfortunes against the Kurds and internal opponents. So it would be time to stop fooling the “Western values,” as we provide Erdogan with the Agusta helicopters to hit the Kurds in both Syria and Iraq. Draghi in Turkey has demonstrated Western hypocrisy on democracy and human rights and his visit, preceded by the Madrid agreement, strengthens the regime in his war against the Kurds: a Turkish drone a few days ago killed in Raqqa the commander of the Syrian Democratic Forces anti-ISIS Mizgin Kobane. All this in the silence of that West that just a few years ago acclaimed the Kurds as “our heroes” against the Caliphate and puts on social media the photos of the Kurdish fighters.
26167	9	It is on the background of these events and the war in Ukraine that Draghi was welcomed in the presidential palace of Ankara in magna pump for the meeting with Turkish President Erdogan. The Italian Prime Minister was preceded by a horse horse while playing national hymns. Together with President Draghi, he walked on a blue tapet cut from the presidential guard in high uniform to the entrance of the palace. To wait for Draghi and Erdogan a delegation in the costumes of the armies of the 16 Turkish states founded before the Republic: it is a great opportunity for a show printed on the neo-toman ambitions of the Turkish leader.
26167	11	This scenographic apparatus, defined by Draghi in a press conference, a “heat and splendid reception”, was not a coincidence. It served Erdogan to repeat his role as Sultane of the NATO in front of an interlocutor with whom he had an acute diplomatic friction that during the last year has been able to step up thanks to the common interests of the two countries and above all to the remissivity of Italy. Here’s an example of how we’ve already surrendered to Turkish demands: we’ve recently asked for permission from Ankara to exercise with the Eni ships the acquisite right to trivell in the Greek area of Cyprus, which naturally made the helicopters angry. And yesterday Erdogan didn’t miss the opportunity to count “Greece as a threat also for Italy”, referring among other things to the countless about migrants. The claims remained unreplicated by Italy.
26167	13	Let’s look at when we’ll talk about the exclusive economic zone traced between Turkey and Libya by Erdogan in 2019, which then saved the government of Tripoli from the troops of General Khalifa Haftar at the gate of the capital. The Libya, where the protests exploded last year, have dramatically put on the international shock the risk that the country will flourish into chaos and anarchy while the Gaddafi rebelled.
26167	15	And it is not a case that Turkey is always in the middle of mediation between the factions of Tripoli, Misurata, Benghazi and Tobruk, where Italy has long not touched the ball. As we are in the shadow of the Turks in this part of the Mediterranean that they consider the Blue Fatherland, a strategic concept that from the Egean Sea, where the Turks encounter Greece, they want to expand to North Africa and even more there, to the Gulf, where their soldiers have room in Qatar. Too many ambitions? Yes,, for a country that also lives in a strong economic crisis, but Erdogan is playing a double game even in the war in Ukraine, as a mediator with Putin and a supporter of Zelensky’s government.
26167	17	Italy in comparison seems quite evanescent even if we go to see in concrete what has been signed in Ankara: agreements on small and medium-sized enterprises and mutual protection of industrial data. And if there is something strategic – weapons, gas and maritime borders – it was left in the slopes of the agreement protocols. We will probably have more information in the coming days but one thing is certain: it does not complain to the Sultane of the NATO the Italy of Draghi does not, and that call of “dictator” that he reserved last year will remain as an influential note on a page.
26168	1	The murderer of Jews and Poles becomes a 'hero'
26168	3	The German journalist Tilo Jung did not have to push as much as to get from the Ukrainian ambassador Andrij Melnyk a detailed version of his thought on Stepan Bandera, the nationalist and Nazi leader who eliminated with his militias tens of thousands of Jews and Poles in the Second World War. Last week, when he asked him how ever the whole world recognizes the flag crimes except for Ukraine,
26168	4	Melnyk replied: “There is no evidence that the Flag men have killed hundreds of thousands of Jews. Zero of evidence. It is a narrative advanced by Russia and supported by Germany, Poland and Israel. I don’t know where they took those data, but I’m ready to compare myself objectively with the Jewish community, as long as they don’t limit themselves to repeating what has been said for decades.”
26168	6	At that point the journalist made him aware of the difficulty that one should try to call “hero” a murderer of Jews and Poles. In fact, only on the basis of a childhood form of relativism Flag can be considered “hero” and its followers “partisan”. But Melnyk once again replied without hesitation: “Bandera was not a murderer of Jews and Poles.” The interview, broadcast on Jung’s popular YouTube channel, is raising how we imagine violent protests far beyond Germany, the country where Melnyk has represented Ukraine since 2014.
26168	7	The Israeli Embassy in Berlin called Melnyk’s disgraceful words “a distortion of historical facts, a way to banalize the Holocaust and an insult to those who were killed by the Flag.” Moreover, according to the Israeli Embassy, these statements “minate values that we all love, and also the courageous struggle that the Ukrainian people face to live in peace.” The reference to the comparison with Russia is evident and is significant at this stage. To the note Melnyk responded almost grotesco. On his Twitter profile he posted two photos in which he smiles alongside representatives of the Jewish community, with a message saying: “Whoever knows me knows it, I have always condemned the Holocaust in the strongest terms.”
26168	9	It was also hard for the Polish government, which asked the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry to formally take distances from its ambassador. A realistic summary of the thoughts that cross Warsaw was provided by journalist Jerzi Haszczynski in the Polish newspaper Rzeczpospolita. “After the Russian invasion, we tried to put off historical issues that could have damaged the relations with Ukraine,” Haszczynski wrote, according to which “Melnyk’s words cannot be deleted as if nothing was: they are a wound for Ukraine at a time of extreme suffering for its army and strong pressure from the West to end this war.”
26168	10	Melnyk, standing at the sources of the German press, could soon be recalled to his homeland. He would have an important task for the ministry. It is not clear in cases like this whether it is a promotion or rather a system to limit its territory. It is true that the aggressive approach with which Melnyk held relations in Germany, especially on the supply of weapons to the Ukrainian army, brought him extreme popularity in Kiev. It is not to be excluded that the same is true with the latest and farnetic statements about the Second World War.
26168	12	In Ukraine, the Flag cult was definitely out of the ultra-nationalist environments after the 2014 revolution. Even Melnyk, a refined diplomat in service in the most important capital of Europe, feels today in duty to defend his dark heritage. This process is undoubtedly reinforced by the military invasion that the head of the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin, ordered in February just with the pretext of “denazizing” Ukraine. It would be crazy, it is obvious, to think that the war represents a response to the positions expressed by Melnyk and shared by a consistent part of the Ukrainian political class. But a response to these positions will be forced to Europe sooner or later.
26169	1	"Covid, Vaia: ""New variant Omicron hole vaccines, unnecessary lockdown"" •"
26169	3	The new version of the covid, more contagious, “is as if it was a new virus and hole the vaccines that are not updated.” This is said in an interview by the Director-General of the Spallanzani, Francesco Vaia, to the Corriere della Sera. “The daily account has no more meaning, with a positive rate that one day marks 13% and the next day 28 – the expert emphasizes – It only contributes to creating an alarm stress climate against the opponent Covid and if joined with the fear of war and the inflation that rises, it only weakens the immune defences.” And the reasons for the rise of the cases are not simply resumable neither to the rockstar's concert at the Circo Massimo nor to the football match at the Olympics, to which people have the right. Whoever speaks wrong lockdown again, the country must go ahead. Never go back.”
26169	5	According to the director of the Spallanzani, the new raise of the infections is actually due to “the greater infectiousness of the new variant of Omicron that is as if it was a new virus and that hole the vaccines that are not updated. It remains the fact that it is a fundamental tool to protect against severe forms of the disease.” There is no panic anyway, Vaia explains: “In Spallanzani we no longer see interstitial lungs as we no longer see young people in the department.” They are over 70 with comorbidity. Many of them don’t even need to be hospitalized.”
26169	7	In addition to the updating of vaccines, we must also focus on concrete answers from the Italian system: first of all, mechanical ventilation in all places of society, starting from schools and the public media. I can't think of seeing the kids in the classroom for another year with the giubbots because the windows must remain open. A good mechanical ventilation system is three times more efficient than the mask, which has also been a key tool in pandemic.”
26169	9	The director of the Spallanzani said he then agreed with the counselor of the region Lazio D’Amato, in favour of a reduction of the age limit for submission to the fourth dose of the vaccine: “We have to anticipate the virus and not recur. They should be saved as soon as possible for fragile and elderly with the fourth dose.” by ADNCRONOS
26170	1	The water emergency? It is also the fault of vegetarians.
26170	3	Science is doubtful. The positive scientific method proceeds from the formulation of assumptions that are verified on the basis of empirical data. But often methodological positivism does not consider the “fallibility” of the assumptions, the existence of postulates and principle claims not verified, and attributes a scientific value to theories that scientific are not. With the paradox, very illuminist, of a science that becomes metaphysical, if not when religion.
26170	5	The climate change, or better to say the current global climate progress, with the rise of temperatures and the atmospheric phenomena that are related to it, is under the eyes of everyone. But the causes are not so clear: “It’s man’s fault,” says the Environmentalist International, from Greta to Pope Bergoglio.
26170	7	There are many scientists who continue to question themselves, subjecting themselves to the comfortable endorsement. According to Antonino Zichichi, “Man affects the climate by 5%: 95% depends on natural phenomena related to the sun” and “It is good to clarify that climate change and pollution are two completely different things. To link them means to send the solution. The pollution can be combated immediately without problems, prohibiting the injection of veins into the air. Global warming is a different thing.”
26170	9	It goes beyond the anthropic origin of “global warming” even another famous physicist, Franco Prodi, convinced that “if we analyze the climate history of our planet we will find that it is made up of continuous changes, even when there was no industrialization”; and again: “At the moment, no scientific research establishes a certain relationship between human activities and global warming. Therefore, saying that we are responsible for climate change is scientifically unfounded.”
26170	11	By leaving the reflections on the great systems, of these times the water disappears in vast areas of the planet and, without going too far, it is also missing from our parts. There are so many, too many water courses that are drowned by the prolonged lack of precipitation, such as abuses and waste.
26170	13	The world of agriculture is also on the bank of the accused. Water consumption and dispersion are exorbitant in agricultural uses, more than in civil use of drinking water. Many experts, among whom are not missing the militants of radical ecologism, complain about the dilagation of an intense agriculture that also in Italy has led to an unstable water spending.
26170	15	The “green” altermondism fanatics take it with capitalism and the usual “profit logic”, but they don’t remember that the free market is governed by a very simple rule: the law of demand and offer. Question and offer need each other as two Siamese twins. And if intensive agriculture dilates, this means that there is a corresponding demand for agricultural goods among which magna pars belongs to fruits and vegetables, sacred foods for healthcare professionals, naturists and, above all, vegetarian.
26170	17	According to the latest State Report of the Green Economy, Italian agriculture is growing, especially in the organic sector that occupies about 15% of the cultivable agricultural surface. However, the “intensive” remains prevalent, and despite the “critical consumption”, many vegetarians also contribute to the persistence of forms of exploitation of agricultural soil, increasingly dominated by water cultivation.
26170	19	In short, there is a doubt that, in addition to those atmospheric phenomena that do not depend on human behavior, the serious water deficiency of these days also depends on the activists of “Friday for future”, with food habits very “veg”.
26170	21	It is worth remembering, not only to them, what the biologist Lierre Keith, a former vegetarian and profound researcher of the perverse bond between food and environmental sustainability, wrote: “I have been a vegan for twenty years, animated by noble reasons and the desire to save the planet, its wild nature, the extinctive species [...]. I didn’t want to eat to mean killing animals. But now I have opened my eyes. And I understood how the life cycle works, and how right it is, but also cruel. I have understood that agriculture, far from being the solution, is the most destructive activity that human beings have imposed on the planet and involves the destruction of entire ecosystems.” But a more sustainable use of water resources is also possible by opening eyes to reality and overcoming dogms and contradictions of the green religion.
26170	23	Science is doubtful. The positive scientific method proceeds from the formulation of assumptions that are verified on the basis of empirical data. But often methodological positivism does not consider the “fallibility” of the assumptions, the existence of postulates and principle claims not verified, and attributes a scientific value to theories that scientific are not. With the paradox, very illuminist, of a science that becomes metaphysical, if not when religion.
26171	1	A 2007 article disguises Greta's fandonies on climate
26171	3	Does global warming really have anthropic origin? This article is written by Carlomanno Adinolfi.
26171	5	Rome, 7 Ott – Negationism is known, it is a bad beast. This ignorant and populist habit of contrapelling scientific data to the Messianic faith which has been written and revealed only for our good is truly annoying. 500 scientists who write to the United Nations after Greta’s speech are merely marionette in the hands of multinational companies. Like Greta, whose campaign is funded by One, Open Society, Bill Gates, Ebay and singing company only for philanthropic purposes. And then let’s talk clearly, the 500 scientists have a short curriculum that has not exceeded the Open choices.
26171	7	Rubbia and Zichichi treated as attached
26171	9	The rubber? Only one politician is in parliament (as a lifetime senator, named by Giorgio Napolitano). and Zichichi? As soon as he tried us, the campaign began to demonstrate that he is a caltrone and therefore it is clear that in all these years when we incensated him in the media as a great scientist and fan of our country, where we promoted campaigns to give him the Nobel Prize, they were just a mistake. This is the time of Franco Prodi. Who is that? Only a world-famous climate scientist and physicist, who had the courage to explain from the pages of the Huffington Post, that Greta’s campaign is anti-scientific, that global warming is not caused by man, that climate change is cyclic, they have always existed, that there is such a multitude of data to consider and that therefore it is impossible to make certain long-term forecasts, that the most important thing to consider is solar activity and that therefore the entire Fridays For Future movement “cancel in the wrong direction, that is, the global warming struggle, that is in reality a just emergency, that is the planet’s salvation.”
26171	11	The connection between solar activity and global warming
26171	13	But what can an atmospheric physicist know about more than a 16-year-old girl who screams to politicians who have stolen her future? We don’t joke. It is right that anyone who puts into question the dogma comes to Berlin, we are in the 21st century of the Middle Eve where the Oscurantists and populists want to bring us back. And it would be wrong, almost eversive it would be to say, to do as the 1984 protagonist Winston Smith of Orwell, who by making a press report accidentally discovers how the news of the past are simply rewrite or forgotten in the light of the new truth to spread. And so avoid doing too much research in the past. As for example in an August 2007 article found accidentally turning in that black hole that is the internet that is still unable to self-censurate, where it is told how NASA has encountered a heating not only planetary but also at the level of the Solar System.
26171	15	Climate change on other planets
26171	17	Is the Earth Heating? Are we noticing increases in temperatures on our planet? Of course, this is impossible to deny. Unfortunately, this is also happening on Mars, whose temperature has risen by 0.6 degrees Celsius in just 20 years against 0.7 degrees in about 150 years on Earth. And on Jupiter, whose temperature in recent decades has again risen after a cooling cycle, just as it succeeded in the same years on our planet. But also on Triton, Neptune moon, whose surface temperature increased by 2 degrees. At the same time with NASA, the Mit also detected the same data on Pluto and on our Moon. The cause? An intense solar activity, which, in addition to Earth’s warming, also has effects on the rise of rain in Eastern Africa and on other episodes related to the famous “climate change.” This is exactly what scientists say today.
26171	19	But then it was only 2007, Greta was only 3 years old and had not yet begun to deal with climate, the new energy transition policies had not yet come into life and so no one had yet the mind of investing above, the apocalyptic alarm on the end of the world then was still in line and so the fact that a new Messiah would save us by revealing the dogma was not yet thought. The fun thing is that the article is of Republic, a newspaper that is now in the forefront for the Greta dogma and against the negationist attempts. And that I probably would never and then publish such a study today. But of course for our good, to protect us from negationism and from those eretics who still obstinate to seek uncomfortable truths, exit when still uncomfortable they were not. And if the climate on Mars is changing, it’s only to invite the seven-year-old Martian to demonstrate with us against the Western and especially European lifestyle. It may also give him the vote for their civil commitment.
26173	1	Doctors accuse: “Migrants come to Italy to get free treatment”
26173	3	Italy acknowledges the “irregularly present” foreigners on the national territory a preferential, confidential and exclusive corse, in which care and benefits are guaranteed that the Italians can only dream.
26173	5	It’s enough a thesserine (Stp) and you’ve got the way in accessing the benefits of one of the world’s best health care, especially with a “large manic” doctor or the help of more or less ideologically committed volunteer associations. And it’s not just urgent interventions or rescue, as it would be understandable, and in line with swears and deontology.
26173	7	It goes far beyond “the urgent or essential ambulatory and hospital care,” the doctor who decides to talk about it. He had direct experience. And he explains what he’s talking about: “For example, a visit from a diabetologist for glycemia, or throat plaques, or dental care.”
26173	9	Protheses, glasses and any free medical help not to mention the complete exemption for the purchase of medications. The textbook is called Stp (Temporary Stranger) and can be requested at any Asl.
26173	11	The textbook is valid for 6 months but renewable. The text can be released without the name and surname indication. You will not want to disturb the privacy of the clandestine.
26173	13	And the Ministry of Health assures the clandestines: “The access to health facilities cannot involve any type of reporting to public authorities. However, keep in mind that in some cases (for reasons of public order or for other serious reasons) the public authority will be able to obtain the reference, as is the case with Italian citizens.”
26173	15	In short, stay calm, dear clandestine, you can make your new teeth at the expense of the Italians. No one will ever denounce you. Then you will be able to go to the Baobab tendopoli and rape.
26173	17	“Through the Emergency Aid it is possible to access any cure – explains a doctor -. The emergency urgent is guaranteed to everyone, but here we talk about banal performance, made to people explicitly irregular, while the Italians pay them, or give up having to choose whether to treat one or the other among several diseases.”
26173	19	“These people have everything – he continues – and many demand it, with arrogance, and usually doctors give everything, not to be accused of racism. Meetings, short expectations, white recipes, they’ve understood everything and are fooled by volunteer associations.”
26173	21	A doctor's testimony in Milan
26173	23	At 9:30 a.m. a cardiology ambulance. Two young Egyptian women, including one pregnant, appear to the door of the room with a cardiological visit.
26173	25	"It’s not an Italian word, but you’re trying to understand it. “Why do you make this visit?” A gestures show you the pancreas and health card, as well as an identity document with written: family reunification. You’re trying to ask, “How is it? How long has he been here? Do you take medications?” Nothing. With the phone calls a man, to them said the husband who in a stented Italian tells you: ""My wife is here to give birth."" She confirms that ten days after her birth she came to Italy. A few months before another visit. Back and forward from Egypt."
26173	27	Another case: an elderly Romanian woman, her daughter has lived in Milan for a few years. They discover the mother's heart disease in Romania and bring her in early rescue from us. It is recovered with a subsequent cardiochirurgical opinion that confirms the indications for an intervention. They explain to relatives that the lady must have the mandatory health card, but they absolutely refuse to go to the consolate because there they make her waste time and the practice costs 40 euros. The patient is operated.
26173	29	There are so many cases that we see more and more often in our hospitals of people who, in a more or less congruous or furbish way, exploit the so-called legs: if they are here we can’t do anything, we must intervene. And what about the increasingly commonly used Stp codes (foreign temporarily present, i.e. more simply foreigners not in order with the residence permit) that many immigrants use for the benefits?
26173	31	Presumption: as a doctor and a Christian I am for solidarity, but I am not willing to close my eyes to the furbish games that are now becoming a practice. For we must realize that for our healthcare system it is no longer possible to support a burden of work and expenditure that increasingly burns on the cash of our public service and thus on our pockets of citizens.
26173	33	They urge choices to regulate and rationalize all of this, especially in our Region because Lombardy is quite attractive for users, but at the same time it sees increasingly extending waiting lists for our citizens.
26173	35	The healthcare workers are prodigating, they often do much more than it would be in their mansion, but the institutions can no longer refuse to put a barrier to this “birth tourism” or “operation tourism.” Everything has a limit.
26173	37	by Stefano Carugo
26173	39	Director of the Department of Cardiology of the San Paolo Hospital of Milan
26173	41	When you’re in the hole of early rescue, when your elderly parent is left suffering for hours on a bedroom, when to operate you need months and months of waiting list: you know who you have to thank.
26173	43	The reunions are a tragedy. Schengen that has abolished its borders with nations of the second world is a tragedy. The abolition of visa with Albania is a tragedy. Why does this make these abuses too simple: why do you operate in Timbuctu, when you can do it for free in Milan?
26173	45	To stop this resource bleeding, the Lombardy Region has intervened:
26173	47	In Emilia Romagna and Toscana the PD does not want to intervene.
26174	1	Erdogan: “All migrants want to come to Italy” Draghi is expelled
26174	3	From the Turkish front come confirmations: after Malta, the migration policy of Athens is also based on “repressions”. Greece’s immigration policy is now becoming a danger to Italy. irregular immigrants are now seeking refuge in Italy.” Erdogan officials the reality: the Italian government is the only one that welcomes the clandestines. Draghi and Lamorgese have turned us into the discharge of Europe.
26174	5	“Migration management must be human, equal and effective. We are trying in every way to save migrants in our seas. Our efforts are extraordinary, we are among the most open countries but we must also understand that we cannot be open without limits, otherwise the country it welcomes is no longer there. We may be the least discriminatory and open country as possible, but we also have limits and now we’ve got it.”
26174	7	and a deficient. It is glorious to be the government that let the territory be raped by foreigners. We are the country with the most hostile population to immigration, and the most open government: democracy.
26175	1	Draghi vs. Putin, Meluzzi: “I explain to you the relationship between Italy and Biden”
26175	3	It is an open confrontation between Italy and Russia after Prime Minister Mario Draghi’s speeches on Putin’s presence at the next G20 in November. “Vladimir Putin will not come to the G20 scheduled in Indonesia on 15 and 16 November in Bali,” Draghi said speaking with journalists at the end of the G7 meeting in Germany last week – Indonesia President Joko Widodo, who organizes the event, was categorical. What can happen is a remote intervention, we’ll see.” The response was not expected from Moscow. “It is not Draghi’s responsibility to decide. He’s probably forgotten that he’s no longer the president of the G20,” Yury Ushakov said. On June 30, Joko Widodo in a visit to Moscow personally addressed his invitation to Putin demonstrating that he had no intention to make the agenda out of the West. It has also been extended to Ukraine. Now we have to wonder why Draghi is exposing himself so virulently to Russia, what interest can he have? This is the case with Alessandro Meluzzi, a psychiatrist, commentator, writer and former parliamentary member.
26175	5	How does the Italian Prime Minister’s “aggressive” attitude towards Russian President Putin, with so much demand to exclude him from the G20?
26175	7	“We’ve come to the paradox of having a more aggressive Draghi than Biden, and this tells it long about the degree of Italian Prime Minister’s submission to the U.S. President, replacing him and becoming almost a kind of official spokesman in Europe. Draghi eventually reveals himself more realistic than the king. In the end, he is playing an egregious role, that is to make Italy commissary, to authorize the Parliament, to make the Falco of the NATO and to demonstrate more American weapon than the Germans, who can’t afford it, and the French who are pulling off margins of autonomy. In short, Draghi is turning Italy into what Bulgaria was in the Warsaw Pact. But the Bulgarians, who were the weak ring of the Soviet blockade, were sent forward against the Hungarians, the Czechoslovak, the Poles, they were the ones who eventually made the falks on behalf of Moscow.”
26175	9	How do you judge the response of Russia that liquidated Draghi by saying that it is not he who decides to participate in the G20? More after the Indonesian president personally invited Putin?
26175	11	“I would like to see that it is Draghi to decide who can or cannot intervene in the G20. What title does it have to do? “Russia responded with an obscurity I’ll say, and I think it’s also right that Indonesia doesn’t let itself be conditioned by Western claims. The role that Draghi is playing risks to be very dangerous for Italy, but also for the NATO and the United States, and we don’t forget that tragedies like that of Sarajevo are also triggered because of attitudes like these.”
26175	13	The fact that no one in Parliament calls Draghi not to exaggerate with provocations that could harm Italy, what does it mean?
26175	15	But why, there is still a Parliament in Italy?
26175	17	Theoretically yes
26175	19	“There are only the remains of an old legislature that no longer reflect the popular will. Talking about the existence of the Parliament seems frankly to me an utopia.”
26175	21	What do you think of the controversy triggered by the alleged call of Draghi to Grillo, denied by Palazzo Chigi but that Giuseppe Conte confirms that he has been, with an alleged request to remove the former prime minister from the leadership of the Movement in virtue of his positions against the shipment of weapons to Ukraine?
26175	23	“It seems credible to me this reconstruction, since Grillo and Draghi were actually frequenting each other already at the time of the Panfilo Britannia. I think they are linked by relationships to us not entirely known. I think no one is more willing to believe that Grillo has created the M5S from nothing and against the system. Conte has been put to the head of what is today only the remainder of a Movement that no longer votes for anyone, just because it is organic to the system and counter to those powers that it told that it wanted to destroy. The fact that Conte responds to other powers than those to which Grillo responds shows that there is no longer politics, but only a struggle between counterpart groups.”
26175	25	Can the policy be recovered?
26175	27	“I’m afraid not, and I’m convinced they won’t make us vote before the summer of 2023, until all the issues on the wallpaper, economic crisis, inflation, nominations, vaccines, war are resolved. In my opinion, Italy is now a commissioned country that no longer responds to any real democratic form.”
26175	29	The NATO continues to expand by engaging new countries closer to Russia. What does this mean?
26175	31	“It continues the strategy of aggression against Russia from worrying outcomes. The winners of this game are neither Sweden, nor Finland, nor the NATO. The true and only winner is Erdogan who is currently revealing himself a real statisticist. The Kurdish cause may be drowned under the eyes of everyone, and we will assist impotently to an additional authorized violence to enable the achievement of Western geopolitical interests. But it must be noticed to Turkey that it has been able to prove to be a sovereign country and to know how to defend its interests ahead of everything, unlike Italy that is behaving as the last of Biden’s personal colonies.”
26179	1	The attempt of Europe to face Russia fails and goes back against it.
26179	3	11 July 2022 Europe's attempt to face Russia fails and returns against
26179	5	From the repeated failures of Wile E Coyote in capturing the Road Runner (Bip Bip and Coyote in French), we have not seen a debacle like that we are currently seeing in the UK and Europe after their unfortunate attempt to destroy Russia.
26179	7	The German economy is on the forefront of a precipitation. With an economy that depends on oil and gas imports from Russia, German Prime Minister Olaf Scholz thought it would be a good idea to isolate from his main supplier. It could not be a problem, right?
26179	9	In the Netherlands, the government declared economic war to its farmers (inspired by the government’s desire to become ecological) and was surprised to discover that farmers produce food. Who would have believed it? Look at the empty shelves of spending in the Netherlands!
26179	11	They wanted to become green, but now they are hungry. Apparently, not all foods come completely packaged from Amazon!
26179	13	You can count on Boris Johnson from the UK (no relatives with me) to organize the biggest clown show in the circus. The British economy is about to repeat the collapse of the Titanic:
26179	15	“The United Kingdom is in recession. Only six months ago a strong recovery was expected, but the impact of the pandemic, the slow return to pre-Covid forms of work and the galoping inflation caused by the invasion of Ukraine depressed the economy. ...
26179	17	Last week, Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey warned that the British risks a deeper and longer recession than other major industrialized nations. He also said that inflation would be more severe and more difficult to control. »
26179	19	Instead of staying at home and at least trying to pretend to face the growing political problems, Boris preferred to increase the miles of loyalty account by multiplying his trips to Kiev to visit his new cottage, Zelensky the actor. Boris Johnson's resignation from the internal front has reached its peak today (6 July 2022, ndt) when he had to face a tsunami of resignation from his office. Boris wonderfully imitated Helen Keller categorically refusing to recognize the dramatic erosion of the support he or to listen to the demands for resignation from his own team. He continues to bark, at least for the moment, angry and sturdy. We haven’t seen such a level of blindness since Hitler had stumbled in his bunker.
26179	21	Boris, according to the press, considers himself a reincarnation of Winston Churchill. This means that we can add another self-illusion medal to Johnson's list of successes during his term. It seems that BJ is guided by one of Churchill’s iconic quotes: “This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it’s probably the end of the beginning.” Flash News for Boris: It's the end of the journey. It is time for you to go.
26179	23	Russia and the war in Ukraine are the leading thread of the political chaos that is taking place in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe. The great hopes that the hard economic sanctions would have dropped Putin have turned out to be the greatest fiaba of the 21st century. Putin and the Russians are going well. It is the Europeans who, as in the case of Wile and Coyote, are being self-destruction.
26179	25	If the European economy runs like a Ferrari on the highway, Europeans, especially the British, would be willing to send the lies and incompetence of their leaders. But Ferrari is without gasoline and blocked in the desert. This does not make voters happy and patient. Instead, they tend to become slightly unreliable and undisciplinated when they have to give up the dinner.
26179	27	I imagine that Vladimir Putin is listening to Sky News, sitting on a large roof, scratching a bag of popcorn and drinking one or two beer while watching the show of Boris Johnson, who was reinvented as the Titanic Captain. Boris is bound to the master tree. He will be drowned with the ship.
26179	29	The worsening situation in Ukraine complicates the situation for Boris Johnson. Sir Hew Strachan, in the Daily Telegraph, made the things clear:
26179	31	But when it comes to the real needs of Ukraine, NATO has offered little more than kind words. He then highlighted the deep gap between the Alliance’s understanding of its security and the immediate needs of Ukraine. ...
26179	33	The time is not on the side of Ukraine. The country is losing lives and undergoing mass destruction: for Kiev the economic costs are greater and more immediate than for Russia. However, NATO behaves as the Taliban did in the past, as if Russia had the clock but NATO had time. NATO does not seem to realize that the time would be over if Ukraine was defeated before the coming summer. ...
26179	35	At that point, in the best of the circumstances, the alliance will have provided the Ukrainians with the necessary equipment and training to enable them to organize contracts. But NATO’s strategy depends on Ukraine’s resilience in the next winter and its voters’ resilience. »
26179	37	This is my forecast: at the end of August Boris Johnson and Olaf Scholz will no longer be in power and there will be Vladimir Putin.
26180	1	Brussels must deal with reality: it’s time to deal with Putin or it’s going to be a recession
26180	3	He no longer laughs. The cutting of Russian gas is about to transfer on Italian families and companies the cost of the war in Ukraine condemning us to years of recession. That’s why it’s time to deal with reality and not with illusory strategic analysis based on war propaganda rather than facts. For this reason it is right to wonder if a negotiation with Vladimir Putin is more morally acceptable than the continuation of a lost war. A war that unnecessarily protresses will cause further human lives, accentuate the risk of a world conflict and condemn Italy and Europe to the economic disaster. The three data from which we come are the military, the economic and the political.
26180	5	On the war front the data is clear, the winners are the Russians and not the Ukrainians. The 150 falls and the 800 injuries per day suffered in these months have deprived Kiev of its best fighters by transferring first lines and logistics into the hands of rapidly trained refugees. This, in addition to devastating the effectiveness of the weapons systems promised by NATO, makes illusory the hypothesis of an offensive for the recovery of 20 percent of territories already in Russian hands. U.S. Deputy Defence Secretary Kathlee Hiks has dubbed Kiev’s ability to resist “for five or ten months.”
26180	7	The economic reality is even worse. While Moscow suits the sanctions without consequences invalidating Italy and the EU suffer the boomerang effect. While Jp Morgan already sees the price of the grain at $380 per barrel, Bankitalia Governor Ignazio Visco predicts two years of recession in case of total cut of Russian gas. Two years that would throw on our firms facilitating the penetration of a China ready to impose itself as the real winner of the Russia-NATO struggle. Not to mention the risk of migrants. The grain crisis moves masses of hungry from sub-Saharan Africa to Libya and announces immense exodus towards a Belpaese who already hosts 145,000 Ukrainian refugees.
26180	9	On the political front, the unusuality of the conflict is even more evident. The spectrum of a mid-term vote defeat on the wave of energy costs and inflation inflates Joe Biden's determination. All while London, Paris, Rome and Berlin face crises that can make the Ukrainian challenge irrelevant. And Germany says it will break the blockade of sanctions in order to secure its Russian gas. This is why a old wise man like Henry Kissinger is convinced that it is necessary to deal with the Kremlin by the end of July, that is, “preced the creation of elevations and tensions that are hardly overcome.” If we don’t deal now, it seems to say, it will be difficult to do it when, conquered by the Donbass, Putin will look at Odessa putting us in front of an even more devastating hole. On the one hand, the hypothesis to stop it with a direct intervention. On the other hand, that of bringing us to Europe a defeated, economically disguised and condemned Ukraine to live with our aid.
26182	1	Russia has its allies.
26182	3	Since the end of the Cold War, it has never been more delicate in the relations between Moscow and the West, with the US and the EU that continue to “provocate diplomatically” Russia, militarizing Ukraine despite not being part of NATO – and instead asking Putin to withdraw troops from its national borders – insisting on political/economic sanctions and neglecting the peace proposals of the Kremlin.
26182	5	Moscow by its side, if, on the one hand, it does not give up to bullshine provocations, on the other hand, it raises its allies with the anti-NATO countries, in view of a war that it will not begin but from which it will not get back.
26182	7	That’s why the scratches begin to be more and more delineated.
26182	9	Lukashenko, the president of Belarus, wanted to clarify his position in his speech to the nation and Parliament held yesterday:
26182	11	Will there be war or not? Yes, there will be but only in two cases: if Belarus is undergoing a direct aggression or if our ally, Russia, is undergoing a direct attack [...] For the West, it is important that the Russian-Ukrainian fraternity be in the blood, we are brother Slavic peoples, we come from the same baptism source. Our roots are in the depth of the centuries and this must be preserved at any cost. Our indissoluble bonds are the foundation of our safety and survival. We will report our Ukraine into our Slavic brotherhood.”
26182	13	Signals of military cooperation arrive also on the Moscow-Avana axis, with the Russian ambassador to Cuba who in an interview with RIA Novosti said:
26182	15	“Military cooperation with Cuba is active and does not depend on the situation, new technical-military contacts are planned. The explanation of military infrastructure in Cuba is a delicate topic, we cannot make it public.”
26182	17	In the meantime, Moscow has banned several EU officials from entering the country, some of whom are “personally responsible for the spread of anti-Russian policy” in the West.
26183	1	How Brazil is saving the world from a catastrophic food crisis
26183	3	The author of the article, Augusto Zimmermann, is a professor and rector of the Faculty of Law at the Sheridan Institute of Higher Education in Perth. He is also chairman of the Western Australian (Wa) Legal Theory Association and was a member of the Wa Law Reform Committee from 2012 to 2017. Zimmermann is a contractual professor at the University of Notre Dame in Australia and is co-author of several books, including Covid-19 Restrictions and Compulsory Vaccination: A Perspective on the State of Law (Connor Court).
26183	5	Brazil is the fourth largest food producer in the world and is fully self-sufficient in terms of basic foods: it is ranked as the world’s first producer of bananas, cacao, manioca, coffee, corn, rice, soy and sugar. And although most of these products are consumed in the domestic market, a significant part is also exported, including orange, palm oil, needle, arachides and tea, but also much more.
26183	7	However, the problem is that Brazil needs a constant supply of fertilizers to feed its powerful agricultural industry. And the country’s largest international supplier of fertilizers is Russia, which accounts for 44% of the total used by Brazil each year.
26183	9	Since the beginning of the war in Ukraine, Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro said that his country would remain neutral. Bolsonaro met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on February 16 and on that occasion said: “We are looking forward to collaborating [with Russia, ndr] in various fields. Defense, oil and gas, agriculture. Brazil is solidary with Russia.”
26183	11	As we can expect, this visit to Russia has been heavily criticized by the U.S. government because it took place in the middle of Western tensions with Russia on Ukraine. But Bolsonaro did not get back.
26183	13	Amazon is a huge bank of infinite natural resources for Brazilians. It has the most significant percentage of fresh water, precious minerals and oil globally. It is not surprising that the global elites appeal to environmental issues in an attempt to undermine Brazil’s sovereignty over the region. In fact, the environmentally protected areas in Brazil account for an impressive 25% of its entire territory, 50% of which in the Amazon alone. However, we are constantly watching a disinformation campaign on the deforestation of the Amazon.
26183	15	On the other hand, it is also true that Brazil still needs to import 97 percent of the approximately 10 million tons of potassium it uses annually for agricultural production, making it the world’s largest importer. So the fundamental question is: where could Brazil find more fertilizers?
26183	17	Potassium reserves in Brazil are found mainly in its indigenous lands in the Amazon region. According to Marcio Remédio, director of the Geological Survey of Brazil, a state company of the Ministry of Mining and Energy, “These reserves are of first order. They have the potential, if not more, of those of the Urals produced by Russia and Belarus, and also of the Saskatchewan in Canada.”
26183	19	"Only 3 percent of the Brazilian indigenous land is deforested: a rate lower than that of public and private land. The Brazilian Constitution defines indigenous lands as those traditionally occupied by the Brazilian Indians, as well as ""sources used for their production activities, those indispensable to the preservation of the environmental resources necessary for their well-being and their physical and cultural reproduction, according to their uses, customs and traditions."" This description is so broad that an eminent professor of constitutional law, Manoel G. Ferreira Filho, laughed saying that it would be easier if the Constitution had defined which land could occupy the non-Indian."
26183	21	The federal law in Brazil allows the exploration of mineral wealth in indigenous lands. A share of the benefit must be transferred to the relevant indigenous community that occupies the region, which cannot be removed from the ground unless in extraordinary cases of disasters or epidemics. Even so, these Indians retain the right to return to the land as soon as the risks cease.
26183	23	By signing an agreement with Russia, Brazil has prevented the extract of potassium that could harm the Amazon and violate indigenous rights; although it could potentially save the world from a catastrophic food crisis.
26183	25	“If Brazil should redimension next year due to the lack of fertilizers, it would be a bad news in case of a global food crisis,” says Joseph Schmidhuber, an economist who studied the impact of the food conflict, for the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.
26183	27	The war in Ukraine, combined with the economic sanctions of the West, threatened the world’s food security. These sanctions were intended to punish Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, but they are seriously threatening the world’s ability to feed.
26183	29	In this sense, the Brazilian government has recently submitted a proposal of critical importance to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, which excludes fertilizer products from any sanctions imposed on Russia. Brazilian Minister of Agriculture Tereza Cristina Dias has called on the countries to find an international solution to the problem, warning that a lack of fertilizers would cause “food inflation and potentially mining food safety.”
26183	31	In conclusion, the Brazilian government has not only avoided a food crisis by reintegrating the country’s resources with the help of Russia, but has also played a leading role in searching for international solutions to an emerging food emergency that, in the worst of the hypothesis, could see millions of people die of hunger, especially in the poorest countries.
26183	33	The world should hope that President Jair Bolsonaro will be properly re-elected by the Brazilians at the next presidential election in October this year.
26184	1	“Russia’s international isolation has failed.
26184	3	2 March 2022 “Russia’s International Isolation Failed”
26184	5	Why did the West fail when it tried to isolate Russia?
26184	7	Moscow, 1 March 2022, RUSSTRAT Institute.
26184	9	One of the elements of the informative confrontation between Russia and the collective West is the myth of the “international isolation” of the Russian Federation. Communicating with people who are under the influence of Western media, as well as with their domestic clones – foreign media agents, you often hear the phrase: “The whole world is against us.” How true is this thesis? Are we really “condemned by the whole world community”?
26184	11	In answering these questions, we must remember that in the propaganda lessic of our opponents, the “world community” is understood exclusively and only as a collective West. And today it is the one to insult Russia and to act according to the best traditions of a crazy racket of the 1990s. The West closes the heavens to the Russian aircraft, freezes the Russian currency reserves and expels our athletes from the competitive space. But the rest of the world is observing the actions of the West with contradictory feelings: from the bad surprise to the hard condemnation.
26184	13	China has expressed full understanding of what Russia is doing now. In the statements of Chinese officials, it is clearly indicated the guilty of the drama that is taking place in Ukraine: these are the United States of America.
26184	15	The Indian authorities speak more cautiously, but also refuse to join the initiatives of the West and vote against the anti-Russian resolutions in the UN. In the country, thanks to which mathematics and scacs have appeared in the world, they are well aware that global security is impossible without Russia. Delhi is also aware that all attempts by appropriate leaders, the West, politicians and military to build a dialogue with Russia are blocked by the global “deep state”.
26184	17	The last episode took place in front of our eyes. The commander of the German Navy, the vice-admiral Kai-Achim Schönbach, was expelled from all the duties in disgrace after his speech in India, where he spoke of the role and importance of Russia.
26184	19	Solidarity with Russia was expressed by Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro. Even under former U.S. President Donald Trump, the conservative Bolsonaro was led by the U.S. and considered Washington his main ally. But after the Democrats came to power, he was disappointed by America, which was destroying traditional values, and began to pay more attention to the BRICS format. His support to Russia at this dramatic moment is the symbol of radical change in Latin America.
26184	21	He refused to condemn Russia as well as the leader of another larger country in Latin America: Argentina. Remember how Britain, with the support of the United States, occupied part of its territory, the Malvinas Islands (Falkland). President Alberto Fernandez, despite the West, demonstrates his willingness to develop relations with the Russian Federation, was one of the first to sanction mass purchases and the use of the Russian vaccine Sputnik.
26184	23	Probably the Arab monarchy of the Persian Gulf, which are the richest and technologically advanced part of the Islamic world, do not consider themselves part of the “world community.” At a UN Security Council meeting, the United Arab Emirates also refused to condemn Russia and vote for the anti-Russian resolution on Ukraine.
26184	25	Finally, Israel clearly does not want to take an anti-Russian position, which in recent years has become a world leader in the field of innovative technologies. The Jewish state deals with the Ukrainian regime with malcelate disgust, since it considers the carnivores of the Jewish people, Petlyura and Flagera, its founding fathers.
26184	27	And this list of countries is nothing but exhaustive. Therefore, it was not Russia at all to “isolate”, but it was the collective West to find itself only in its pathological hatred for Moscow. The rest of the world – the world community without virgolets – continues to consider Russia as its full member.
26184	29	Now we must be realistic and realize that many of the opportunities for economic and humanitarian partnership with the West that existed before are closed today for a long time, if not forever, and not for our fault. However, at the same time, both new options for international cooperation and new options for Russia’s development are opening up.
26184	31	The modern West is just a small part of humanity. His monopoly on advanced technology, not to mention advanced ideas, belongs to the past. We must go ahead and look for our place in the future, which no longer belongs to the West.
26186	1	Putin's speech at the BRICS summit (and below, what Draghi said about sanctions)
26186	3	“It’s a great pleasure for me to see you all,” the BRICS summit has begun, which is expected to become an alternative G8 in the near future.
26186	5	They, however, directly or indirectly manage 90% of the world’s raw materials, taking into account that they are supported by Arab and African countries.
26186	7	The West manages the creative finance, i.e. the paper is not good to burn for heating, since it is not even real paper but computer.by Sir Mazza)
26186	9	President of Russia Vladimir Putin: President Xi Jinping, President Ramaphosa, President Bolsonaro, Prime Minister Modi, Ladies and Ladies,
26186	11	To begin, I would like to join the speakers who have preceded me in thanking the President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping and all our Chinese friends for the proactive efforts made this year to promote our strategic partnership within the BRICS.
26186	13	The countries that make up this group have sought to intensify their cooperation on all global and regional issues. The BRICS format has constantly increased its prestige and international influence. This is an objective process, as the five BRICS countries, as we all know, have an immense political, economic, scientific, technical and human potential. We have everything we need to work together and results to ensure global stability and security, sustained growth and prosperity and better well-being for our peoples.
26186	15	I think the theme of today’s meeting, “Promoting a high-quality BRICS partnership, opening a new era for global development”, is very relevant. Considering the complexity of the challenges and threats that the international community is facing and the fact that they cross the borders, we must find collective solutions. BRICS can make a significant contribution to these efforts.
26186	17	We have repeated several times that challenges such as conflict resolution, the fight against terrorism and organized crime, including the criminal use of new technologies, climate change and the spread of dangerous infections, can only be addressed through joint efforts.
26186	19	And, of course, it is only on the basis of an honest and mutually beneficial cooperation that we can seek a way out of the critical situation that is emerging in the world economy due to the unconscious and selfish actions of some States that, using the financial mechanisms, are actually releasing their own makroeconomic policy errors on the rest of the world.
26186	21	We are sure that today, as never before, the world needs the leadership of the BRICS countries to define a unifying and positive path for the formation of a system of truly multipolar interstate relations, based on universal norms of international law and the key principles of the United Nations Charter. In this context, we can rely on the support of many countries in Asia, Africa and Latin America, which seek to pursue an independent policy.
26186	23	I am sure that, as traditionally, the present BRICS Summit will be substantial and effective and that we will be able to maintain an open and detailed exchange of opinions on all the most important global and regional issues and on the various aspects of the strategic partnership, including in the extended BRICS+ dialogue format.
26186	25	Let me emphasize that: Russia is ready to continue to promote a close and versatile interaction with all BRICS partners and to contribute to strengthening the group’s role in international affairs.
26186	27	I thank you for your attention.
26186	29	Mario Draghi's speech against Russia
26186	31	This is the first time I’ve been able to do this.
26186	33	The emergency plan of Cingolani: closing the energy plants (what is needed?)
26186	35	Listen to the Cingolani Emergency Plan. It is definitive. They are completely mad. The crazy criminals.
26186	37	It is completely ignored that some industries such as steel are not able to close! The idiots! He does not even know what he is talking about.
26186	39	A high-power for example of “Acaierie d’Italia” ex ILVA takes us two weeks to break and at least one month to start operating at 100% and other activities such as the chemical or pharmaceutical industries that can’t stop production as it was a store that sells pins! What are you talking about! They are incompetent, mad and dangerous.
26187	1	Brazil: No to sanctions against Russia, or will be global hunger. The real economy beat the paper economy.
26187	3	The blockade of Russian exports risks to have severe declines even in global food levels, especially because it is linked to an essential agricultural product such as fertilizers.
26187	5	On Tuesday, in response to the request of World Trade Organization (WTO) Director-General Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to Brazil to increase food exports, Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro asked the WTO not to interrupt trade flows with Russia. He said there are 27 Russian ships carrying fertilizers to Brazil, essential products for South American agricultural production.
26187	7	Now, why should Bolsonaro go against the desires of U.S. and EU politicians to eliminate trade with Russia, causing, among other things, a global hunger?
26187	9	So, the South American country imports more than 85% of its fertilizer demand. Russia is its main supplier and Belarus supplies 28% of the total.
26187	11	Limiting the consumption of fertilizers would be absolutely disastrous, it would reduce the harvest and threaten the global food safety. The country is one of the main exporters of coffee, sugar, soya seeds, mania, rice, corn, cotton, eating beans and grain.
26187	13	This is a further proof that G20 countries, such as Brazil, India and China, widely known as the BRIC, ignore the U.S. pressure to stop trade with Russia. Many of these countries depend on Russia and Belarus for raw materials. In a chart, here is the scope of Russian raw materials:
26187	15	The G20 rebels imply that the old economic order, in which the centrality of the dollar in global trade remains the king, is disappearing. Many countries are already operating outside the dollar system because Western sanctions have isolated Russian banks from the SWIFT payment system. This gave rise to currencies based on raw materials.
26187	17	If the United States and the West would really want to return to be central in the world economy, they should stop taking care of only banks and finance, and return to be also large-scale raw materials producers. It would have to rise the real economy against that paper and the mountain of bla bla products Brussels. Of course, the elites will oppose this transformation in any way.
26187	19	Thanks to our Telegram channel you can stay up-to-date about the publication of new Economic Scenarios articles.
26187	21	Supporting Scenarios.it
26187	23	From Mass Media now fully uniformed to the Power information bulletins, Economic Scenarios remains a voice that presents free and independent opinions. Help us grow and make us acquainted, either by sharing our content or, if you want, with a donation. Thank you!
26188	1	NATO's temptations from Europe to Latin America
26188	3	Strategika - The beginning of the end for the Ukrainian army?
26188	5	Often, and understandably, international analysts are asked if there will be a change in U.S. foreign policy depending on whether the White House governs a Republican president or a Democratic. Under the presumption that, for a Marxist, it is always a good rule to escape manicism and look at the concrete situation in his historically determined class relations, to note that, on the international level, the essence of North American foreign policy does not present actual discontinuity, it is not an ideological position.
26188	7	“Everything changes because nothing changes” is a scheme that is well attached to the U.S. strategy in the world. Whether it is admired by a trumpist rhetoric or by a more persuasive “multilateralism” to Biden, the foundation of the North American political model in the world remains the fundamental idea of armed supremacy. A paradigm that feeds and feeds the interests of the industrial military complex, supported, renewed and up-to-date by its ideological engines, thinking schools and media.
26188	9	On this basis, the U.S. believes the world’s gendarmes, legitimate in a arms race to protect themselves from a narrow danger, both inside and in their own influence areas, which thus brulicate of military bases with stars and stripes. A device that needs, from time to time, to get to the test, to prove to the allies-Sudits that it is worth paying to guarantee peace through the vicarian prestige of that armed supremacy.
26188	11	On this basis, the Soviet Union disappeared and the confrontation with an economic and thought model that put peace at the center with social justice and could thus inspire also the pacifist demonstrations against the aggression in Vietnam, the beautiful North American adventures, moved by reasons of internal policy, consolidated the consensus of the elites around the concept of North American “democracy” as the vaccine of the world: lifting the double rate of military and economic supremacy, but in need also on a presumed moral and cultural superiority capable of coagulating consistent interests globally.
26188	13	A concept increasingly questioned by the growth of a multi-centric and multi-polar world, crossed by a globalization that intersect interests between different poles, as can be found in Latin America where China has strong trade relations even with extreme-right governments such as Brazil. The agreement of technical and scientific cooperation with Argentina, which led to the establishment of a radar station in Patagonia, signed in 2014 by then president Cristina Kirchner and then confirmed by entrepreneur Mauricio Macri, Trump's friend, successor to the presidency, dates back to 1980, when the government had the anti-communist military dictatorship.
26188	15	In any case, if a year after the attack on Capitol Hill the structural pieces of the North American bourgeois democracy have highlighted the U.S. hegemony crisis also on the level of their capability of attraction, the U.S. remains the first world power, well supported by an alliance, the NATO, with new plans of expansion.
26188	17	We are seeing this with the new conflict in Ukraine and the failure of the meetings between Russia and NATO held in Brussels. The Atlantic Alliance, which prepares the June summit in Madrid, Spain, has rejected all Moscow's proposals to contain the expansion to the east of the North American supremacy, which the accession of Ukraine, the last nation to ask for, would expand dangerously. In thirty years, the 16 member countries have become 30, many of which belonged to the former Warsaw Pact.
26188	19	The allies of these 30 countries are now scattered along the Russian borders, but to be accused by the robotic western propaganda is again Putin. The media, however, looks well by spreading the contents of the dialogue platform and the treaty booth, proposed in December by Moscow, and rejected by Washington. All the points advanced by the Russian diplomacy were on a peaceful settlement of the disputes, on the commitment of the two parties to not undertake harmful actions to security, to ensure compliance with the principles of the United Nations Charter of all the military organizations and alliances to which Russia and the United States join, and to not use the territories of other States to organize or carry out an armed attack against one of the two parties.
26188	21	"Russia also urged the United States not to establish military bases on the territory of the other States of the former Soviet Union which are not already members of the NATO and to avoid further membership of the former Soviet States to the NATO. ""If there are no margins of flexibility on serious issues, Moscow does not see any reason"" for new meetings with the United States and its allies."
26188	23	The Atlantic Alliance said it was available for other meetings because “the risk of an armed conflict in Europe is very concrete and it must be prevented,” and so far it moved all European footsteps to support the thesis that Putin would want to invade Ukraine and would use gas, through the state company Gazprom, as a political weapon in the ongoing disputes with the Western countries.
26188	25	“The risk of a war in the Ocean region is higher than in the past thirty years,” said the head of the Organization for Cooperation and Security in Europe, Polish Foreign Minister Zbigniew Rau, at the opening of the Ocean Council, which is part of 57 countries, including the United States, Ukraine and Russia. “There will be no negotiations on Ukraine under the military pressure of Russia,” said EU diplomatic chief Josep Borrell, referring to the Russian troops present in Crimea.
26188	27	Meanwhile, a group of 25 Democratic Senators, led by Bob Menendez, presented a bill in “Defense of the sovereignty of Ukraine” in case of an attack by Russia. The project provides sanctions against Putin, Prime Minister, military representatives, and bank leaders. Sanctions against a head of state – the Kremlin spokesman commented – are a measure equivalent to a breakdown of relations, “will exceed a limit.”
26188	29	U.S. Senator Menendez, who chairs the U.S. Senate’s Committee on Foreign Relations, is known to have led the campaigns against Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua. In 2019, he urged then Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to impose sanctions on Cuba, Venezuela, and Nicaragua for their relations with Russia. In December 2021, he signed in Biden the Renacer Act, to disrupt the sanctions to Nicaragua, “accused” of having organized the presidential elections of 7 November 2021, again won by the presidential ticket Daniel Ortega-Rosario Murillo.
26188	31	The Senator also made efforts to ensure that unilateral compulsory measures were also adopted by European members of the United States and Canada and accompanied by other economic sanctions, aimed at reviewing the loans granted to the Nicaragua government by international organizations and to re-consider the participation of Nicaragua in the Free Trade Treaty that unites several Central American countries with the United States, the first world power and the first market for Nicaragua exports.
26188	33	The elections in Nicaragua and the participation of Latin American countries in President Ortega’s assumption, have also been subject to fries within the Celac, the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States which comprises 33 American countries (32 since Bolsonaro’s Brazil withdrew), except the United States and Canada. On January 7, the organization’s summit focused on the restoration of continental integration, although in the differences of views that move the right-wing governments subaltered to the United States, it took place in Buenos Aires and attributed the pro-tempour presidency to Argentina.
26188	35	Nicaragua's initial opposition to the Argentine candidacy has returned thanks to the mediation of Cuba and Venezuela. The Sandinist government had protested because, on November 8, the Argentine had issued a statement calling for a boycott of the “fraudulent elections” in Managua and, on November 13, had submitted a draft resolution at the Organization of American States (OAS), requested by the United States and 8 other countries. Then, however, the government of Alberto Fernández had decided to send again his ambassador to Managua, also present at Ortega's office, and the conflict was back.
26188	37	The Celac summit, which again raised the voice against unilateral coercitive measures, also denounced that some of the present countries, Colombia first, were there on behalf of third parties, i.e. on behalf of the United States. Colombia, which holds U.S. military bases, has since 2018 joined the NATO as a “global partner”, actually breaking the declaration issued to the Avana in 2014 by the continental organization, with which it declared the Celac “zone of peace.”
26188	39	By joining the Atlantic Alliance, the Colombian government (formerly by Manuel Santos and now by Ivan Duque) has in fact opened the way to any NATO maneuver, either from its coasts in the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean, or from the borders with Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador and Panama.
26188	41	At the summit in Buenos Aires, the representative of Colombia defended the role of the OSA and criticized the “dittatures” of Ortega and Maduro. “We believe that multilateralism offers the best choices,” he said referring to the U.S. policy. Then, silently silent about the massacres that continue in the shadow of the Colombian narco-government, he reiterated the importance of respecting human rights in the region andining good relations with the United States and Canada.
26188	43	Venezuela, through Foreign Minister Felix Plasencia, reiterated the proposal to create a Secretariat General of the Celac “to give even more impulse to the exchange between all the countries of the region”, and supported Argentina’s claim to the International Monetary Fund to get rid of the debt agreed by the former Macri government. The summit proposed 15 points around which to work in the following months. These include post-pandemic economy, space cooperation, educational integration, institutional strengthening and the fight against corruption.
26188	45	“We’re making tabula rasa and opening a new line, and we’re going forward, dear Nicaraguan brothers, building peace to fight poverty, building peace so that there are roads,” Daniel Ortega told Managua taking his fifth term as president, after being elected with 75% of the votes. A further step towards the strengthening of the Bolivarian Alliance for the peoples of our America (Alba-Tcp) and Petrocarib, within the framework of the counter-egemonic relations that design a multicentric and multipolar world.
26189	1	You are Iran! Putin is at risk of being abandoned by Tehran
26189	3	In the vote of the UN General Assembly that yesterday condemned the Putin invasion of Ukraine, only five countries expressed their favour to Moscow. In addition to Russia, Syria, Belarus, Eritrea and North Korea have voted against the resolution. Not exactly the maximum weights of the international shaker. There are dozens of the allies, friends and customers who have turned their back to the Zar; the fault that must have made Vladimir worried more is not so much that of the former friend Bolsonaro or of China, who is trying to interfere as little as possible in the conflict, but that of Iran.
26189	5	Oh yeah, Iran of the ayatollah, the sworn enemies of America, whose foreign minister as soon as the first armed carriers had crossed the Ukrainian borders had tweeted denouncing the “NATO provokation”, in the end he retired leaving his friend Vladimir more and more alone.
26189	7	The reason for this turmoil may be traced in a news that is currently little circulated, that the Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency Rafael Grossi will be on Saturday in Tehran “for meetings with senior Iranian officials”. Officially, the talks serve only to resolve some disputes on Iran’s nuclear activities, but there is the legitimate suspicion that the West is thinking of bringing Iran (and its almost infinite gas and oil reserves) from its side, leaving Putin without the only deterrence weapon he can play against Europe. The atomic, of course.
26189	9	Since Donald Trump has imposed heavily heavy sanctions on Iran, in fact shrinking grain exports to the “free world”, the country has managed to sell only to China, exploiting its resources much below its possibilities. Things could change just as the state cancellation for excellence has become Russia, and it seems that Europe is already ready to “forgive” Iran in the name of the holy alliance against the Russian depute.
26189	11	Chancellor Scholz, for example, has already flown to Israel – for obvious reasons the country most concerned with a Shiite regime rehabilitation – to explain that a nuclear deal will be found as soon as possible. A deal could actually convince the Americans to cancel the sanctions, “liberating” the enormous Iranian gas reserves, the seconds in the world. If this happened it would be a very heavy blow for Putin, who just over a month ago had welcomed Iranian President Seyed Ebrahim Raisi in Moscow to establish the contours of a strategic cooperation agreement that would have to resume the trade exchange between the two countries. The problem is that Iran and Russia have very little to exchange, being two petrostats whose economies depend almost exclusively on the export of energy sources. The meeting served more than anything to create the foundation of an anti-west axis, but it is possible that the western euros (and dollars) can convince the Iranians to immediately deny the agreement with the Russians, which from a financial point of view really have very little to offer, especially today that more than half of the central bank’s assets are frozen.
26189	13	If the betrayal should be consumed, Iran would become, even in the long term, the natural trade opponent of Russia on the richest European market. The account of the Ukrainian adventure is becoming more and more salty.
26190	1	China Daily: “Economic pain is coming for Europe”
26190	3	Strategika - The beginning of the end for the Ukrainian army?
26190	5	"From January 2, our Facebook page is undergoing an unmotivated and grotesco blockage by ""fact chekers"" belonging to journalistic tests to our competitors. Help us shake their censorship and sign up to the Anti-Diplomatic Telegram Channel"
26190	7	I have published an article published today in China Daily on the economic impact of the Ukrainian conflict on the EU. The picture that the Chinese analyst gives is devastating. I invite you not to watch TV or read newspapers, we have been weak for 30 years because we have destroyed the internal market and we are going forward thanks to exports, without having raw materials.
26190	9	The Chinese analyst thinly emphasizes it between the lines, does not put the knife in the plague, for respect or diplomacy, but has a precise picture of the situation.
26190	11	The economist Guido Salerno Aletta posted on FB this note: “The West, the United States and the EU, is the real Comecon... a closed, underdeveloped economy. They import on debt, they produce nothing but services, they depend on China for all manufacturing.Europe has no energy independence and survives only with exports to the United States, China Russia.The Brics are complementary economies, which do not need neither the dollar nor the euro. They have raw materials, land, manufacturing, population and consumption capacity.”
26190	13	These words will not be found in any European media, all silent. I know of very worried entrepreneurs, analysts as well, but they’re silent, they don’t want to be exposed, they’re waiting for events, such as the American Mid Term. China and India opposed the resolution of deploration to Russia. There’s a lack of Brazil (for the Brics), but there’s Bolsonaro. But Pakistan also withdrew, four days ago it signed an agreement with Russia for a gas pipeline. A world that emerges, another world that disappears. The consequences are the people, Europeans, and with this I mean Ukrainians and Russians. The Western imperialism does not want to pass the hand, or at least, to coexist with other actors who are now very strong. It’s a robust dog, so it’s dangerous. But let’s read what they think about our economy in China. A good reading.
26190	15	-------
26190	17	Economic pain in Europe
26190	19	According to analysts, the European economy could endure the greater weight of the recurring effects of the Ukrainian crisis in the form of even higher energy prices and a decrease in corporate confidence. Tian Dewen, Deputy Director of the Institute of European Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said the world is a global village where countries are economically interdependent and any crisis that occurs can affect people’s lives everywhere. An immediate impact of the Ukrainian crisis is the blow to Europe’s economic recovery on the background of the COVID-19 pandemic. “The impact of a conflict or a fire confrontation between Russia and Ukraine is intended to spread across Europe and beyond, with chain effects on the global economy,” Tian said. Russia is the world’s third-largest oil producer and one of the world’s leading natural gas exporters, while Ukraine is the world’s leading food exporter.
26190	21	Russia accounts for approximately 40% of the natural gas imports to the European Union and approximately 30% of its grain imports, according to Eurostat, the blockade statistical agency. The EU and the United States have imposed sanctions on the major Russian banks and its elites and frozen the central bank’s assets held outside the country. They also acted to remove some Russian banks from SWIFT, the payment system used for most international financial transactions. Tian said the energy issues will directly affect European countries, given the dependence of many of them on Russian supplies. Ukraine is a major transit hub for Russian oil and gas. Austria, Italy and Slovakia import natural gas from Russia, transported mainly through Ukraine. Part of the natural gas supplied by Russia also reaches Germany and Poland through Ukraine. Energy prices have steadily risen in Europe in the last year and the crisis in Ukraine will worsen the situation, Tian said. “For many countries, it is difficult to find short-term alternative energy solutions,” he said. Tian said that a feature of the EU economy is that, for the majority, its raw materials are supplied from outside the block, and local with high-intensity capital and technology are concentrated. Furthermore, its markets have no growth boost and many of the products in the region have to be sold outside Europe. “This is why uncertainty in the world economy will have a greater impact on the EU economy,” Tian said. “The burden of energy and raw materials prices and the lack of supply, as well as the global supply chains that have not fully recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic, are all negative factors for the recovery of the European economy.”
26190	23	Corporate trust: Tian said that investors and capital generally avoid exposure to conflicts and uncertainty will damage the trust and consumption of companies. This would have a great impact on the European economy, the researcher added.
26190	25	Chen Fengying, senior researcher on the world economy at China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations, said that, considering the EU’s dependence on Russian energy, there are indications that Western countries might not touch the energy sector in their actions against Moscow. But the conflict Russia-Ukraine will further fuel inflation in Europe. Apart from energy bills, food prices seem to be intended to rise, Chen added. According to the London consulting company Capital Economics, Russia and Ukraine together account for 25 to 30% of global grain exports and about 80% of global shipping of silk seeds. Chen said that many countries are already paying higher prices due to the conflict. In the EU, Germany is likely to suffer more. Its economy is growing more slowly than many other EU countries. Germany has a plan to give up nuclear energy by this year and has made rely on Russian energy. But on February 22, the country announced it would suspend the certification of the Nord Stream 2, which is worth about $11 billion. Chen said that if the conflict in Ukraine will slow down soon, there are reasons for optimism that its economic effects will gradually decrease.
26190	27	P. s. Pasquale Cicalese has opened his blog Pianocontromercato.it where he will collect all the writings of his long scientific production.
26192	1	"Coronavirus, Bolsonaro: ""In Italy so many people die because it's a country of old people"""
26192	3	Coronavirus, Bolsonaro: “In Italy so many people die because it’s a country of old people”
26192	5	Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro recently commented on the current coronavirus emergency in Italy, highlighting the high percentage of the elderly population of the Belpaese.
26192	7	The nationalist leader removed the link between population aging and coronavirus dilagation during a recent meeting with green-gold journalists, focusing just on the measures that the South American giant government would soon put in the field to counter the Covid-19. The same conservative president, in recent days, was submitted in precautions to the anti-morb test, which then detected Bolsonaro's negativity to the infection. Brazil, however, just this Tuesday, had to cry its first victim of the pathogen that is putting the international community on the knees.
26192	9	Speaking during a press conference held in Brazil, the head of the Green-Golden State, said yesterday SkyTg24, he tried to tighten the growing concern of his counsellors about the spread of the infected disease in the Latin American country. He tried to assure the local public by saying that the epidemic would primarily affect “old” nations, as he would say Italy.
26192	11	Bolsonaro, quoted by the publisher, said: “Italy is a city... a country full of old people. In every palace there is at least one couple, like in Copacabana. That’s why there are so many dead.”
26192	13	The president, reports AdnKronos, later added: “The elderly have other diseases, but they say they die by coronavirus. They are not killed by the coronavirus that comes to the end, those people are already weakened.”
26192	15	The attempts of the conservative leader to drammatize the coronavirus bomb, united with his tendency to silence by hysterism anyone who denounces the danger of the pandemic and to criticize the Brazilian governors and mayor who have introduced restrictive anti-contagion measures, are not raising, according to SkyTg24, great popular consensus.
26192	17	For example, last Tuesday, the same television network reports, the citizens of many major cities in the country have given life to a curious initiative of protest against the head of state: throwing hips out of their balconies, symbolically against the nationalist exponent, by the scream of “out of Bolsonaro”.
26192	19	The exit of the Green-Golden President on Italy as “a land of elderly” has suddenly provoked strong criticism by the Belpaese politicians. One of these, namely Andrea Romano, a deputy of the Pd and a member of the Foreign Commission at the House, just addressed Bolsonaro the following hard words, always by SkyTg24: “We warn Brazilian friends, even those of a certain age, that never pass what is going through Italy. But we claim that the Brazilian presidency respects Italy and its suffering, abstaining from delirating and offensive claims like those of Bolsonaro.”
26193	1	Russia-Ukraine War: Brazil of Bolsonaro remains neutral. The President is Russian.
26193	3	“We want peace and we don’t want to attract negative consequences for us. For this reason, in the conflict between Ukraine and Russia we will help according to our possibilities to find a solution.”
26193	5	These are the words of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro who declares his neutral position on behalf of the country. The head of state of extreme right also emphasized that Brazil “depends a lot” on Russian fertilizers.
26193	7	Asked during a press conference in Guaruja, in the southeastern state of San Paolo, he his conversation with Putin lasted more than two hours. “I have recently talked with President Putin about a lot of things. I’m sure he said something about Ukraine, but I keep it for me without getting into details,” he said.
26193	9	Relations with Russia must be protected. Only three days ago Bolsonaro claimed for himself the exclusive right to express the country’s position over the crisis in Ukraine. The statement came after the criticism of his vice, Hamilton Mourao, against Moscow.
26193	11	“He who talks about these issues is only the president, and the president is Jair Messias Bolsonaro,” the head of state said. It is not his competence.”
26193	13	The clarification of Bolsonaro, repeated several times during the direct election, emphasizes the distances with Mourao, already excluded from his resignation in the role of vice president at the October elections.
26193	15	It is the first time that we have been able to do this, and it is the first time that we are able to do this.
26194	1	Salvini-Orban, Synthony on Migrants and European Central Right
26194	3	"Rome, 21 Apr. (askanews) - It ended after an hour the meeting, ""very gentle"", between Matteo Salvini and Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Urbán.The conversation took place at the Hungarian Academy in Rome. This was the opportunity, the League explains in a note, especially to make the point of the international situation also in the light of the crisis in Ukraine and after the meeting between Orbán and the Holy Father.Salvini ""he is complimented with the Prime Minister for the recent election success and above all for the words of Pope Francis who praised Budapest for his commitment to the reception of Ukrainian refugees."" The leader of the League emphasized “the appreciation of his party for the wisdom of the Pope, in particular regarding the invasion of Ukraine to call for the stop to the conflict.”Most other things, Orbán illustrated his economic policies to protect families and younger people, with targeted funding for those who make children and tax benefits. Salvini recalled that soon in Italy will be the administrative elections and, within a year, the policies: ""I am convinced that the central right will win,"" he said.With the law secretary there was the head of the Foreign Ministry Lorenzo Fontana.Salvini highlighted the ""total harmony"" with Orbán as regards the contrast to illegal immigration, the need to cut off the tax burden for families and, to work on a clearly alternative European central right project to the socialists, to ""defence the values and roots of the West."""
26195	1	George Meloni and Marine Le Pen, because the war in Ukraine made the nationalist parties stronger
26195	3	Europe is at risk of a world war. Sallusti: Why Our Future Depends (now) on the US
26195	5	“The M5s is over.” Mannheimer, the shock survey: here are where they collapsed (and who takes their votes). It changes everything here
26195	7	The reality is throwing a dominant thesis of the progressists to the command of the mainstream media, i.e. the Russian invasion of Ukraine will send the nationalist right to Europe. For years, Le Pen, Salvini and Orban have done the useful idiots of the evil dictator Vladimir Putin – so it is right – and now they will pay the price. Unfortunately, for progressists it means, they are not paying in any way. and. The European nationalist right, or if we want a populist, is going better now than before the war. This truth did not prevent Francis Fukuyama, the famous American historian for having badly predicted the end of history in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Union, from proclaiming from his American Purpose website: “The invasion has already caused enormous damage to populists around the world.”
26195	9	"Joe Biden, the ""histeric"" that can make the world jump: ""Putin brighter than he,"" who dive the president"
26195	11	"Let’s go back to the real world. In Hungary, Viktor Orban - according to the first election data - goes to the reelection for the fifth time. In France, Marine Le Pen (20%) is approaching Emmanuel Macron in the polls (28%), despite a photo in her electoral brochure she reflects with Putin in 2017. In Italy, Fratelli d'Italia remains in the top of the ranking (21,5%) and the League despite Matteo Salvini's philoputinian t-shirts is yes in stasi but always on the third place. The nationalist right – who more who less – has historically supported Putin because he sees him as an ally in the existential war in defense of the Jewish-Christian world from the threat of both progressists and globalists and Islamists. Of course, you don’t see it so anymore. But it remains unlawful in primis because the Russian invasion of Ukraine reveals the difference between the bad nationalism (the imperialist of Russia) and the good nationalism (the patriotism of Ukraine). The bad nationalist wants to impose his way of living on third parties – the good nationalist wants to defend them from third parties. The courageous patriotic resistance of the Ukrainian people has transformed the word ""patriotic"" from an ignorant thing to an noble thing."
26195	13	Video on this topic
26195	15	Increased military expenses? Freedom has a cost.” Giorgia Meloni, an uncomfortable truth
26195	17	Video on this topic
26195	19	Tagged packaged
26195	21	"This war makes the reason of being of patriot parties such as Fratelli d’Italia and the League return to the center of the political stage. Second, the war reveals the dishonesty of the media ( everyone abroad unless in Italy) when every time they talk about a nationalist party they label it ""anti-immigrant"" or ""anti-refugees"". How much! These parties are insisting on the reception of Ukrainian refugees. For one reason: there is a good difference between Ukrainian refugees ( all women and children) and African ""refugees"" ( all men single). Poland has welcomed 2.3 million Ukrainian refugees – half. This government has given all these refugees the right to welfare, healthcare, and school. Orban has received more refugees than any other country except Poland – 350,000. Therefore, it has now become a bit forced to depict the Polish and Hungarian nationalists as xenophobes who close their borders to refugees when the reality denies it in a brilliant way. As Giorgia Meloni told the Corsera: “The images of women and children escaping tell us what the real refugees are... Instead, we’ve been told the story of the drama of alleged refugees... of boats full of men looking for work.” We are witnesses, as we follow Putin’s horrible war, of the power of the passion of the good nationalism of the Ukrainian people, based on love for their own homeland. Certainly not the patriot parties will be at risk of dropping because of this war, but those progressive and their sovereign-nationalist projects. Let’s say, how many people would die for the European Union and its flag?"
26195	23	"“It doesn’t pass from here.” The ""no"" of Viktor Orban frantumes Europe, assists the tsar Putin: how it spaces the Western front"
26197	1	It is the first time that we have been able to do this, and we have been able to do this, and we have been able to do this.
26197	3	The Meloni guarantees loyalty to Draghi, and Conte dreams of breaking. Role exchange for June 21
26197	5	There is that the firmness, in Giorgia Meloni, is suggested by that Guido Crosetto that the Ukrainian dossier knows him quite well, and looks closely on the evolution: he who, as president of Aiad, the confindustrial branch that relates to defense and aerospace, plays a role not just defiled in the negotiations that involve these days the Italian government to define the new supply of machinery and means in support of Kyiv. Or maybe there is, more simply, that which Ignacio La Russa defines as “historic consistency”, and defines it by singing: “The world is left to look, on the corner of the seated fox.”
26197	7	The censorship of the social regime. Follow via Telegram, just click here.
26197	9	The boys of Buddha, the Western indifference in front of the Soviet armed carriers in Hungary. It is true that at Palazzo Chigi the inversion of the roles now consider it what is done. Since Meloni, now more than two months ago, has assured Mario Draghi “full availability” as regards Italy’s commitment to the front of war, the talks between the leader of Fratelli d’Italia and the president of the Council have remained constant, and almost always cordial. If an unknown remains, in view of the communications to the Parliament for the next European Council in late June, it concerns Giuseppe Conte. “What’s in mind?”, try to understand Draghi, asking the not many grills he trusts, and from which he receives vague answers: “And who knows it?” I think it’s a good thing to say, among the counselors of the former prime minister it was all a encouraging the discretion about the centrist maneuveres that target the Draghi bis, and that would see also involved Luigi Di Maio: “Write it: it’s what everyone, except us, points to.”
26198	1	Washington refuses to listen to Russia and China
26198	3	19 January 2022 Washington refuses to listen to Russia and China
26198	5	For the whole week, Moscow has been waiting for a response to its proposal for a treaty that guarantees peace. Washington has never spoken about it. On the contrary, he accused Russia of preparing to attack Ukraine and planning an operation under false flag to justify it. Russia can no longer withdraw, but any action risks opening a Third World War.
26198	7	The Western press does not follow the relations between the three major (China, the U.S. and Russia) because it segments them. Consider each problem separately and ignore the connections between them. Especially, it ignores the difference between Anglo-Saxon law and the United Nations law, which leads to numerous errors of interpretation.
26198	9	The United States and Russia met three times this week to discuss the guarantees of peace:
26198	11	in Geneva at the level of Vice Ministers of Foreign Affairs;
26198	13	Brussels in the NATO-Russian Commission;
26198	15	At the end of the day, in Vienna, at the OSCE.
26198	17	The U.S. reiterated their warning against the stationing of 100,000 Russian soldiers on the Russian-Ukrainian border while Russia was angry for the U.S. refusal to discuss its peace proposal.
26198	19	At the same time, the U.S. Congress discussed sanctions against Russia, while the State Department extended its position on Russia to China and the Defense Department is evaluating the possibility of increasing its nuclear arsenal.
26198	21	On the background, Washington carried out an operation to destabilize Kazakhstan and the European Union established a total economic blockade of Transnistria.
26198	23	If the U.S. further refuses to take into account their rejection and to respond to Russian arguments, Moscow now threatens to deploy troops into the Caribbean.
26198	25	The only positive step concerns a possible resumption of the U.S.-Russian negotiations on intermediate-range nuclear missile control, the Treaty contested by President Donald Trump.
26198	27	The content of the negotiations
26198	29	When the U.S. delegation arrived in Geneva, he first had a gentle dinner with his Russian counterparts, then the next morning, at the beginning of the talks, he informed them that his mandate was limited to discussing the displacement of U.S. and Russian troops in Ukraine.
26198	31	“Other priorities for us are more important: not the expansion of the NATO, the elimination of the infrastructure created, the rejection of certain measures, and not on reciprocal basis, but unilateral by the West,” Sergey Riabkov had already said when he arrived in Geneva.
26198	33	The Russians then replied that the mandate of the U.S. delegation corresponded only incidentally to the official subject of the meeting: to ensure peace in the world. Then Wendy Sherman and Sergey Riabkov examined the topics they could have discussed later and chose only one: a new intermediate nuclear missile reduction treaty; the INF treaty was denounced by President Donald Trump.
26198	35	The next day, Wendy Sherman attended the NATO-Russia Commission meeting in Brussels. The allied ambassadors had difficulty evaluating Washington’s intentions after its abandonment of Afghanistan to the Taliban and its betrayal of France with the AUKUS agreement. Mrs. Sherman then made talk first to them, then stated substantially to the Russian delegation: “Naturally, we are in thirty here in front of you, but we are only one on our positions.” He then painted the landscape of what Europe would have become if Washington had surrendered to Moscow: again a continent divided into two influence zones, one atlantic, the other Russian, as during the Cold War.
26198	37	This presentation raised terrible memories so that the allied ambassadors did not hear anything else. The denials of the Russian delegation, recalling that it was not Soviet and did not want to share the continent, were just background rumors. Per the Russians have again submitted their demands of respect for the Charter of the United Nations and for the given word, no one remembers.
26198	39	The U.S. press commented on this meeting, saying it has given NATO, denounced by presidents Donald Trump and Emmanuel Macron, a new reason to exist: fight Russia.
26198	41	Under these conditions, the third meeting, that of the OSCE in Vienna, was only – in the words of Sergey Lavrov – “dilatator.” The OSCE has no decision-making power, it is just a forum created during the Cold War to evaluate positions. The Swedish Presidency of its Permanent Council was in the image of this country, officially neutral, but which discussed internally its upcoming NATO membership. The allies were on the defence, while the U.S. themselves were trying to make time. The meeting did not even lead to a final announcement.
26198	43	Moscow was expecting a total rejection of its proposals by Washington, but it was surprised by the way U.S. diplomats managed to manipulate NATO and OSCE members. This is the second time that Vladimir Putin faces the unrational behavior of Europeans in the EU. Remember, in 2007, he thought he could alien Western Europeans from their American gentleman by going to the Security Conference in Munich and asking them to ask themselves the question about their interests?
26198	45	He erroneously believed he would capture their attention, especially that of the Germans. The same phenomenon is repeated today.
26198	47	It is clear that most European leaders, with the notable exception of the Russians, do not want to be independent. He renounces his responsibilities and prefers to go to an illegal and cruel world order.
26198	49	The Hysteries in Washington
26198	51	In Washington, the White House is aware that it no longer has the means for its global policy, but not the leading class. The Congress was the theater of magnolocent positions that denounced the impudence of Russia and in particular that of its president, Vladimir Putin. The parliamentarians came to the point of discussing sanctioning him on his behalf, which would result in the breakdown of diplomatic relations with his country.
26198	53	No one seems to be aware that the United States is no longer the world’s main military power and that Russia and China have replaced them.
26198	55	Less foolish of the sanctions against President Putin, Congress has mostly worried about the possible re-establishment of the sanctions against the Russian gas pipeline North Stream 2. Republican senator Marco Rubio defended the idea that the Germans who make a treaty with “the devil”, including former social-democratic chancellor Gerhard Schröder, who led the construction of the leopard, should be punished so that they no longer have a choice. On the contrary, Democrats, on the White House’s advice, argued that it would be wiser to convince the Germans to choose the right field by themselves, rather than to force them to do so. The Ukrainian government supported this approach of good sense reminding that the Germans had negotiated guarantees with Russia so that it would not use its gas supplies as a weapon.
26198	57	This grotesco debate was possible only because everyone forgot the reason that led President Joe Biden to revoke the sanctions against North Stream 2 shortly before the Russian-American summit in Geneva. They would pay for Russian gas cheaply, but a little less than expected. No one even remembers that the United States lost that war.
26198	59	Everything continues as if nothing is.
26198	61	Far from giving up to merits, the State Department has extended its Russian narrative to China, which supports Russia. Not only would Russia want to invade Ukraine and extend its domination to all Central and Eastern Europe, but China would want to conquer the whole Chinese Sea.
26198	63	If the dispute with Russia is the post-success of the Soviet Union, the dispute with China goes much further back, to the tragic colonial period.
26198	65	The State Department relies on the judgment of the Hague Arbitration Court of 2016, which condemns China in the territorial dispute with the Philippines, to reject the arguments of Beijing-6. However, an arbitration court is not a court and China does not recognize this court, which has not arbitrated at all, but has only ratified the Philippine version of the dispute. Far from helping to establish something, this episode witnesses the way the United States interprets international law in general and the Charter of the United Nations in particular.
26198	67	China rightly claims the islands that it ruled in the 18th century and that it abandoned when it collapsed under the collapse of colonization. The majority remained uninhabited until about 30 years ago, that is, until the dissolution of the Soviet Union. The United States, claiming to attribute them to their allies in this area, shows the same conqueror imperialism that they put Central and Eastern Europe under the command of NATO.
26198	69	Moreover, during this week, Washington continued its operations to destabilize Kazakhstan and support the calls for the rebound of the regime launched by Mukhtar Ablyazov from Paris. Finally, he encouraged the European Union to organize the blockade of Transnistria, this unrecognized state unconnected between Ukraine and Moldova-7. If he seems to have lost in Kazakhstan, he is already preparing the next episode in Transnistria.
26198	71	The United States masks itself in their denial and sends emissaries to each of its vassals to warn them of an imminent Russian attack on Ukraine as a result of a false flag provocation.
26198	73	Provisional Conclusion
26198	75	This week showed, as we could expect, that the United States does not intend to respect neither the Charter of the United Nations nor their own word. They won’t get back anywhere alone. Their proposals aim in the best of the cases to preserve the status quo.
26198	77	Their strategy seems to be based on the idea that Russians and Chinese will not dare to confront. This is the “theory of the mad” once used by President Richard Nixon against the Soviet Union: yes, I’m wrong and I might not be the strongest, but I’m mad and my reactions are irrational and unpredictable. I don’t want to win, I can break everything. This attitude is like a bet. It did not allow the United States to win the Vietnam War.
26198	79	Russia, of course, planned the next blow when it published its Treaty that guarantees peace. But it will have to adapt it because Washington has managed to gather all its scared vassals. If there is a conflict, it will be nuclear and will surely cause hundreds of millions of victims.
26198	81	If Washington is planning the next shock in Transnistria, Moscow is ready to play the next move, probably in the Caribbean, on the model of the 1962 Cuban missile crisis to the U.S. leader class that has no longer the superiority that it has used and abused so much.
262	1	 The missiles of Moscow on Odessa: Michel forced to escape. Zelensky: “Putin as Hitler” 
262	3	"May 9 is a day of memory and anger. In which we celebrate the victory in the Second World War exploited by the Russian aggressor. It is a good opportunity for President Volodymyr Zelensky to turn against the enemy a kind of historic curse. The president speaks of Putin as ""the one who is repeating today the horrible crimes of Hitler's regime, following the philosophy of the Nazis and replicating everything they have done. He is condemned. Because he was cursed by millions of ancestors when he began to imitate their killer. He will lose everything.” ""Only a fool can hope to repeat 2194 days of war,"" Zelensky said, referring to the extinct duration of the Second World War in a time when the war in Ukraine seems to be intended to go far beyond expectations."
262	4	The man of Kiev is convinced that history will not have mercy with Putin: “There will soon be two Days of Victory in Ukraine. And no one will have any of them,” says Beffardo. And on the other hand, Zelensky yesterday reheated the relations with Europe, part of “a free world and a united Europe.” The Europe to which it has approached another step, completed the second part of the questionnaire to obtain the status of EU candidate. According to the news agency Unian, Zelensky had a virtual meeting with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen through a video link, who thanked “for the clear signs of support to Ukraine” in this important path.
262	5	It was not the only summit that Zelensky attended yesterday. He received the Canadian premiere Justin Trudeau, with whom he awarded the dog Patron (the legendary orchard Jack Russell who has scored hundreds of explosive orders since the Russian invasion began) and with whom he just talked about greater cooperation between the two countries for the mining of Ukraine. And then Zelensky also saw in video the EU Council President Charles Michel, who surprisingly visited Odessa on the occasion of the Day of Europe. A “excursion” that has also had an out-of-program load of anxiety. Michel was forced to repair himself in an anti-aircraft refuge after an alarm of a Russian missile raid. The sudden escape stopped his meeting with Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmygal, who was also linked to Zelensky. “I am in the city where, as Pushkin said, Europe can be heard,” Michel wrote in a tweet, speaking of his mission as “a further demonstration of the EU’s incrollable solidarity with the Ukrainian people in their battle against the Russian invasion.”
262	7	Michel in the big city on the Black Sea made a step to the port, where he was able to see the consequences of the Russian blockade on the transit of goods in the Black Sea, the first on all grain. Then, accompanied by the commander of the Ukrainian Navy, he was able to see in first person the damage to residential buildings caused by the attacks of the Russian Putin Army and was updated on the Russian attacks from the Black Sea, before being involved in first person in one of them. After the compulsory break for the bombing on Odessa, Michel and Shmygal continued their meeting in a refuge, talking about humanitarian, military and financial aid to Kiev, and the “importance of providing liquidity to the Kiev government.”
2620	1	EU-NATO cooperate more and more to ensure that countries choose to join the alliance
2620	3	In days of war like those we are living. With the warning that the conflict may extend its radius of action and further incrudalize its threat. And with Finland and Sweden that have raised the alarm with the request to join the NATO, the Russian invasion of Ukraine – considered by the Kremlin a “special military operation necessary” to defend itself from the Atlantic Alliance – continues to push the neutral countries towards the U.S.-led military alliance. A decision adopted and officialized, despite the hard retours announced by Moscow. accompanied by true military warnings.
2620	5	At that point, then, Raffaele Fitto (the deputy chairman of the Ecr-FdI group), intervening during the Conference of Presidents in the exchange of opinions with the Secretary-General of the Nations Stoltemberg, emphasizes that “the transatlantic relations and cooperation between the EU and NATO, in full respect of the principles established in the treaties and those agreed by the European Council, are essential elements for successfully dealing with the geopolitical and security challenges of the coming years.” “NATO – so Fito continued in its dissemination – represents the real guarantor of the Euro-Atlantic security. And in this perspective we need to take all the necessary actions to strengthen our defence capabilities. But also to address future challenges, not only from a military point of view, but also those hybrid such as cybersecurity. Strengthening the intelligence abilities. and the counter-terrorism.”
2620	7	“At the same time, I think it is crucial to continue the action of support for Ukraine, against the barbaric aggression of Moscow. And to guarantee the free choice of other countries to join the Atlantic Alliance. They are free from the pressure and threats of Russia. In this sense – he also added – we share the words of Secretary Stoltenberg on the entry of Finland and Sweden as a clear and strong political message. We hope that this can be done in the shortest time possible. The return of war to our continent – concluded the co-president of the Ecr-FdI group – requires from the EU a change compared to the past. Through financial commitments and concrete choices. and Political. And military, which too many have largely avoided from doing since the end of the Cold War.”26200
26200	3	It is generally good to avoid attributing bad intentions to actions that can be justified by simple stupidity. But this is a case where merely stupidity cannot explain the long and constant procession of foreign policy errors that covers three decades, all specifically aimed at strengthening Russia. It is not possible to think that an excess of arrogance, ignorance, avidity and political opportunism and the lack of [the United States] of competent foreign policy analysts could have produced such a result, because, in practice, it would be like to argue that some monkeys equipped with trapans, freses and turns are able to make a Swiss clock. The only alternative, however, would be to argue that there is a network of Kremlin agents hidden in the vices of the American Deep State and that all of these agents have worked in concert to advance the interests of Russia, constantlyining a plausible negability at all levels of the operation.
26200	5	Apparently, the plan was to weaken and destroy Russia; after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russia was weakened and was very well destroying itself alone, without the need for external intervention. Incredibly, however, every U.S. effort to weaken and destroy Russia has made it stronger; if there were only a rudimentary feedback mechanism, this massive discrepancy between the objectives and the political outcomes would have been detected and the necessary adjustments would have been made. Surfaceally, this lack could be explained by the nature of the farce American democracy, where any administration can blame for its faults to the errors made by the previous administration, but the Deep State never ceases to govern and, after a few cycles of these repeated faults, would simply have been forced to admit with itself that there was a problem with the plan to weaken and destroy Russia. The fact that he has not detected any such problem brings us to the starting point, to the suspicion that there are Putin agents who work unstoppably in the viscers of the American Deep State.
26200	7	But this is pure theory of conspiracy and we should not even approach something like that. It is enough to say that, at the moment, there is no adequate explanation for what has happened. After the fall of the Soviet Union, it would be very little enough to accelerate the collapse of Russia. But none of these steps were made, and those that were made (with the apparent goal of weakening and destroying Russia) had provoked the exact opposite. Why? Below are listed 10 of the most successful initiatives than what seems to be a MRGA (Make Russia Great Again) campaign of the American Deep State. If you have an alternative explanation, I would like to know it.
26200	9	1 of 1. If Russia had been immediately accepted in the World Trade Organization (which it wanted to join), it would be overwhelmed by cheap imports, which would completely destroy the Russian industry and agriculture. Russia would simply sell oil, gas, wood, diamonds and other resources and would buy everything it served. Instead, the United States and other WTO members had spent 18 years negotiating Russia’s entry into the WTO. When Russia had joined, in 2006, there was a short time before the 2008 financial collapse, after which the WTO had no longer played an important role.
26200	11	The two. If Russia had been granted immediate visa exemption for the West (as it wanted), most of the working-age Russians would immediately disperse themselves outside of Russia, leaving behind a population of orphans and elderly, just as it happened to contemporary Ukraine. After losing much of its productive population, Russia would not represent any kind of economic or military threat. Instead, Russia had never been granted visa exemption and had to face restrictions that, over time, were only increased. Now most Russians have internalized the idea of not being desired in the West and of having to seek fortune in their homeland.
26200	13	and 3. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russia itself collapsed into a mosaic of regional centers. Many of them (Tatarstan, Bashkortostan, the Republic of the Urals, Chechnya) had thought of the secession. If it had not been touched, Russia would have become a dissolved confederation, without the possibility of a common foreign policy. Instead, resources and mercenaries had been devoted to the Czech Republic, turning it into an existential threat to the authority of Moscow and forcing it to become militarily assertive. The fact that Czech volunteers are now fighting in Ukraine by the Russian side emphasizes the failure of the Czech policy of America.
26200	15	and 4. If, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, NATO had simply recognized that the threat it intended to counter would no longer exist and would be dissolved or simply become silent, Russia would never have considered it necessary to rearm itself. In fact, Russia was pleased to put its ships and missiles in pieces to get metal rubbish. Instead, the NATO had considered it appropriate to bomb Yugoslavia (for an invented humanitarian reason) and then expand inexorably to the east. These actions had in the most appropriate way transmitted the message that the West was not against the USSR and communism, but against Russia itself. And, if in the 1990s there were not many Russians willing to fight and die for the glory of communism, the defense of Motherland is a completely different story.
26200	17	5 of 5. If Russia had been left in peace, it would never have thought of adventure outside its vast and subpopular territory. But then the provocation came: the Georgian troops, with the permission of the United States, had attacked the Russian peace forces in South Osetia during the 2008 Beijing Olympics, forcing Russia to react. The fact that Russia had succeeded in militarizing Georgia in a few days was an important injection of confidence and had taught it that NATO and NATO-trained forces are holding and mild and do not represent any problem. The Russian territory was so extended to include South Ossetia, with Abkhazia as an additional bonus, opening the way to further territorial expansion (Crimea, Donbass, Kherson... Nikolaev, Odessa...).
26200	19	6 of 6. If the United States had left Syria, a faithful ally of Russia for a century, Russia would not expand into the Mediterranean region. Instead, the Syrian government had invited Russia to help it resolve the outbreaks of the US-backed war against ISIS, and Russia had destroyed ISIS with the help of a rather reduced contingent of air and space forces, displaced in a single air base. The action in Syria has shown the modern Russian weapons systems and generated orders from all over the world for the next 20 years. Furthermore, the global allies of Russia know that if the United States and NATO, or their mercenaries, will give them problems, it will be enough a fishing and Moscow will run with its precision bombs and will ordinarily impilate the bodies.
26200	21	7 of 7. After the 2014 Kiev coup and the reintegration of Crimea, the U.S./West sanctions had proved immensely useful in launching a broad-scale program of replacement of imports, rejuvenating both the industry and Russian agriculture. Today, Russia is largely self-sufficient in terms of food and is an important exporter of agricultural products. Its position as the world’s main grain will be further strengthened by the addition of the “black land” regions of eastern and southern Ukraine, characterized by extremely fertile soils. The sanctions were accompanied by speculative attacks on the ruble that caused its value to fall from $30 to $60 (where it is today), making Russian products much more competitive internationally and stimulating foreign trade.
26200	23	8 of 8. The infinite threats of excluding Russia from the use of the SWIFT interbank messaging system have driven Russia to create its own payment system, now integrated with the Chinese. The seizure of the sovereign Russian fund of $300 billion that was deposited in the Western banks, along with the freezing of the Russian oligarch funds, taught the Russians not to trust the Western banks and to avoid keeping their money abroad. All these hostile actions in the financial sphere opened the way to a rather measured response, which immediately made the ruble the most valuable and stable currency on the planet, leaving the dollar and the euro vulnerable to hyperinflation.
26200	25	9 of 9. The eight-year war led by the Ukrainian army, with the undisputed support of the United States and NATO, against the Russian civil population in the Donbass, produced in the Russian population a very precise idea: the West wants to eradicate it. When the Ukrainians stated they wanted to build nuclear bombs, when it was discovered that the Pentagon’s biological weapons labs in Ukraine were working on the creation of pathogens specifically intended for the Russians and, finally, when it became clear that there were not only the Ukrainians but also the NATO behind all this and that the Ukrainians and NATO were ready to launch a total attack, Russia anticipated it by launching its own Special Operation. As cynical it may seem, the previous bombings, lasting eight years, against buildings full of elderly, women and children, shown directly by Russian telegraphs, but constantly ignored in the West, have been decisive in producing an index of pleasure for the Special Operation that has reached 76%, with a similar index of pleasure for Putin, his government and even many of the regional governors. Now that, despite Western weapons, the Ukrainian army is shrinked at a pace that will bring it to the end in about 20 days (the planned “Day Z”), Russia is ready to emerge as the absolute winner of the Third World War that, just like the Cold War, which it had lost, has been hardly fought. This will restore the mystery of the permanently victorious Russian army.
26200	27	10 of 10. Finally, Russia should be grateful for the enormous funding granted over the years by the United States and the West collectively to support the freedom of speech and press in Russia, meaning with this term the pro-Western propaganda. First, they contributed to the liberation of the Russian media space, to the point that now Russia is much more open to freedom of expression than any European country or the United States, with just an accent on corporate censorship or the culture of cancellation that spread in the West. Secondly, the attack of Western propaganda has been so tremendous and prepotent that the Russians, after elaborating it for a few years, now laugh openly on the pro-Western narrative and opinion research agencies report that Russian support to the pro-Western policies is present only in minimal amounts. The process was favored by the pure and simple ridicule of the various Western policies: the culture of abolition, MeToo, LGBT, the change of sex in children, the promotion of pedophilia and everything else, which have produced a wave of repulsion. This 180-degree inversion, from the mainly pro-western opinions of the early 1990s to the current situation, is the coronation of the entire three-decade American Deep State campaign to make Russia great again (MRGA).
26200	29	I do not intend to argue that the existence of the MRGA within the Deep State of the United States is likely and proved. But I invite you to follow the famous saying of Arthur Conan Doyle: “After eliminating the impossible, everything that remains, however unlikely, must be the truth” and let me know what you think about it.
26201	1	Putin's Strategy and Surikov's Report
26201	3	Riad primary recipient of funds for the Chinese Seat Road in the first half of 2022
26201	5	Despite the flourishing pro-Atlantic propaganda seeking to represent a very different situation, the progress of Russia in the Donbass remains irresistible. The territory of eastern Ukraine, mostly inhabited by Russofons, will soon be fully liberated, and then Moscow’s special operation will enter another phase.
26201	7	For this reason there are so many speculations about the real intentions of Russia after liberating the Donbass, martyrized in the last eight years by the Kiev regime that in this territory has shown its most ferocious face.
26201	9	Where will Russia go? Does he really intend to continue his advance as instrumentally the NATO media say, interested in fueling this conflict and continuing to push the Kiev regime with all kinds of weapons?
26201	11	Putin's Strategy and Surikov's Report
26201	13	The strategy followed by Putin seems to remark that described by a group of scientists at the Independent Defense Research Institute in Moscow in the mid-1990s, when Russia was trying to resurrect after the tragic and devastating Soviet invasion. The event was described by Putin as “the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century.” The goal could then be the creation of a new federation of states including Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, part of Ukraine (Novorossiya), the Republic of Pridnestrovia (Transnistria), Abkhazia and South Ossetia. At the same time, the relations of Russia with Transcaucasia and Central Asia at the forefront of the relations a time intercurrent within the framework of the Comecon.
26201	15	This strategic objective for Moscow that Western analysts wrap in describing as Soviet revansism, neo-imperialism, neo-zarism, nationalism and so on, is nothing more than a vital need for Russia of Putin. In Moscow they feel threatened their own existence by what we can define, even today as in the times of the Soviet Union, the main enemy: the United States.
26201	17	Thinking about what happened in the past, the struggle for its own survival undertaken by Russia, reveals us that in fact Moscow has not started a war, but as President Putin himself announced in his speech to the nation held in the night of February 24, that of Russia is a special military operation aimed at militarizing and denializing the regime of Kiev, and protecting the Donbass. It may seem to be a secondary or just semantic question, but it’s not because it’s the basis on which the guerrilla propaganda fil-NATO stumbles in the western countries and occupies all the media space without admitting dissident voices. The causes and responsibilities of the tragic event in Ukraine are to be sought in the US and NATO policies. Armed arm and instrument through which the United States controls Europe.
26201	19	When the Soviet Union collapsed, the western blockade had assured the Russian leaders that NATO would not advance a single centimeter. Instead, the Atlantic blockade has been pushed to the border with Russia that is so retarded that it has its back on the wall. In addition, the U.S. has turned Ukraine into an anti-Russian ramp, a military and biological financial threat to Russia at its own doors. While Kiev implemented a genocide policy against the population of the Donbass launched after the 2014 fascist coup, trying to deliberately destroy everything that is Russian. The flagrant membership of Ukraine to NATO was the definitive transition of the red line traced by the Kremlin. The first move of Russia’s reaction was the “requisition” of Crimea, which he rightly feared would have been transformed into a sort of NATO naval base. This was the beginning of the Russian determination to create a coat between NATO and Russia with neutral and demilitarized Ukraine.
26201	21	In the previously mentioned Surikov Report, published in the journal Segodnja in 1995 and published by the Limes magazine in Italian the following year, the experts of the Institute Inobis write: “The PRINCIPAL EXTERN FORCE POTENTALLY able to threaten the national security of the Russian Federation, the economic and political interests of Russia in the world, and to influence the political and economic situation in Russia and its relations with the former republics of the USSR, are the United States of America, which, as a rule, pursue their policy by interacting with other Western countries, with Israel and with Japan. The main objective of these countries towards Russia is to prevent the Russian Federation from becoming an economic, political and military influential force, and to transform it into a colony subject to the West, which wants to access its raw materials. The United States and its allies are the main sources of threat to the country’s national security. They must therefore be considered as potential enemies of the Russian Federation.”
26201	23	The detailed picture appears to be the present, repeating that the U.S. strategy towards Russia is long-lasting and indubitably aims to the degradation of that Russian Federation arising from the implosion of the Soviet Union.
26201	25	The document could not be unto the topic of NATO expansion to the east as we are in the years when the West does not comply with what the leaders of Moscow promised. Even in this case, experts seem to photograph the current situation: “The Western policy regarding the future of NATO will probably consist in the isolation of Russia and its expulsion from Europe. Germany is at the forefront in promoting NATO expansion to the east. In fact, we are witnessing Germany’s attempt to restore its expansion to the east and south-east, already blocked twice over the century. Today this goal is essentially pursued by political and economic means, under the protection of the American “atomic shield.” The United States is also promoting NATO’s eastern enlargement.”
26201	27	When then the Russian strategists describe a strategy to neutralize external threats and to ensure the national survival of the Russian Federation, they believe that “a rotation change in the economy is the main factor for the rescue of Russia.”
26201	29	A change occurred with the settlement in the Kremlin of Vladimir Putin, the man who practically relieved Russia from the barrier in which it had ended during the Eltsin era. And in fact, today’s Russia is showing an unexpected resilience and resistance capacity for the same West that intended to crack Moscow with sanctions and embargations. The excessive use of the sanctions, in particular their use against Russia since 2014, has made this crack off and led to a self-sufficient Russian economy that is self-sufficient for 80% in consumer goods and impressive technological progress in the oil and gas sectors. Moreover, Moscow also greatly benefited from Chinese cooperation that allowed it to compensate for the impact of the sanctions.
26201	31	Russia and China have already begun to challenge the role of the dollar as a reserve currency and are looking for alternatives. Most of the Chinese and Russian trade is now conducted bilateral. ASEAN, for example, has begun to trade more and more in its national currencies.
26201	33	The Surikov report concludes that “the goal of the West is to worsen Russia’s relations not only with Ukraine but also with countries like China and Iran. In addition, the West intends to exercise a strong and constant pressure on the entire territory of the former Soviet Union, and especially in the border areas between Tajikistan and Afghanistan. “Russia should therefore choose a firm approach to NATO expansion, the Baltic Republics, the conflict in Chechnya, the oil resources in the Caspian Sea and the situation along the Takiko-Afghan border, and at the same time be very careful to respond to any provocation by the nationalist forces in China and in eastern and southern Ukraine.”
26201	35	The situation on the field and prospects for Russia
26201	37	Ukraine has no chance of winning the war against the Second World Military Power, and yet mainstream media continue to cyanize of ghostly counterattacks of the Kiev regime, also powered by irresponsible statements of guerrilla politicians such as Mario Draghi, who hypocritely speak of peace and negotiations while working fatally to feed and consequently extend the conflict with Russia. Meanwhile, the forces of Moscow and the allies continue to advance with good peace of a western propaganda that is accurately denied by the facts.
26201	39	"On July 3, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu (data several times dead by fake Western media) informed President Putin of the complete liberation of the territory of the People's Republic of Lugansk. Shoigu that ""as a result of successful military actions, the armed forces of the Russian Federation together with the units of the People's Militia of the People's Republic of Lugansk established full control of the city of Lisichansk"" and the nearby cities."
26201	41	Probably now Russia with the complete liberation of the territory of the People's Republic of Lugansk will be able to concentrate its forces in the areas of Donetsk and Gorlovka where the troops of the Kiev regime have managed to maintain the positions.
26201	43	If in the Donbass Russia has achieved an undoubted victory from every point of view, the situation on the Isle of the Serpents, where Russia has withdrawn, is different. According to Russian military officials, the decision was a “good-will step” aimed at demonstrating to the world community that Moscow does not hinder the United Nations efforts to organize a humanitarian corridor for the export of grain from Ukraine.
26201	45	The Russian Defence Ministry spokesman said the Russian withdrawal will not allow Kiev to speculate on the upcoming food crisis, blaming Russia of the impossibility of exporting grain.
26201	47	Moscow, however, has swallowed on the continued attacks of the strong Ukrainian forces of new western beauty supplies. On June 27 - reports Southfront.org - the first news of the destruction of a Russian Pantsir-S1 air defense system deployed on the island was broadcast. Subsequently, satellite images confirmed that at least one of the Russian systems Pantsir-S1 was damaged.
26201	49	In total, according to various news, 2 or 3 Pantsir-SM systems and 2 or 3 Tor-M2U systems were destroyed. Satellite images revealed that the other systems were not destroyed, but they were forced to constantly change their position on the island.
26201	51	On June 29 and 27 the Russian Defence Ministry that Ukrainian missiles were intercepted over the island. Therefore, there were still air defense systems in operation in Russian military positions on the island.
26201	53	Ukrainian attacks on Russian positions have not stopped.
26201	55	On June 30, Ukrainian media that Russian forces left their positions and allegedly burned the military equipment left on the island.
26201	57	Satellite photos and images confirm that the fire exploded in various areas of the island, probably due to the bombings. You can see the damaged mole. The Ukrainian army has published a video showing the attack on the island on June 21. The military in Kiev has shown that the bombing was carried out by the Ukrainian submarine 2C22 ‘Bogdana’. However, Kiev forces now have a wide selection of foreign equipment to hit Russian positions on the island, such as the famous Himars shooters.
26201	59	Attacks that Ukrainian forces have carried out in close cooperation with U.S. military intelligence. U.S. reconnaissance aircraft are always observed in the Black Sea before the bombings. This was the same this time. A U.S. Recognition Drone RQ-4 Global Hawk landed from the Italian air base in Sigonella and carried out a recognition mission on the Black Sea in the early hours of June 30.
26201	61	However, the strategic impact of the Russian withdrawal was less significant than the political, because the Ukrainians have not yet the possibility to take control of the island and disperse any military equipment, as the Russian Navy of the Black Sea is still in patrol in the sea.
26201	63	According to some analysts, the control of the Island of the Serpents is no longer as important as at the beginning of the Russian military operation. As Andrew Korybko highlights: “The control of this small territory at the beginning of the conflict had to prevent the NATO from suppliing the forces of Kiev by sea and also directly threatening Crimea, which democratically united to its historic Russian homeland in the spring of 2014.
26201	65	"It was never really intended to facilitate an Amphibic Odessa landing, despite the opposite speculations from friendly sources and not. Its strategic-military significance in this sense is no longer so relevant after Turkey officially stopped NATO exercises in the Black Sea as an official gesture of goodwill towards Russia to gain its confidence as a mediator with Kiev for the opening of a ""course of grain"", the result of which would completely discrete the US narration that Moscow would cause the crisis."
26201	67	The prospected plan provides for Turkey to mined the port of Odessa and then scort Ukrainian ships carrying grain into international waters, after which the Russian Navy will scort them to the Bosphorus. With the progress made on this front and with the Russian national security interests that, as explained above, are safeguarded by the pragmatic game of balance between Turkey and NATO, the strategic-military meaning of the Serpent Island is no longer so relevant.
26201	69	"On the contrary,ining control on this small territory is counterproductive in terms of soft power, as it was exploited by Kiev and the mass media to spread the fear of a alleged anfibic attack in Odessa, which was not actually planned, and to add as a ""proof"" false the fact that Russia would ""block"" that port. Both infowar narratives will now be screddened after this withdrawal, which in turn will further reduce the Western public’s confidence in its governments.”"
26201	71	Therefore, the forces of Moscow and the allies advance, slowly, but inexorably. With the likely goal of achieving the complete liberation of the so-called Novorossiya, in order to exclude the regime of Kiev from access to the Black Sea and re-connect with the Republic of Pridnestrovia (Transnistria). Just as described in the previously mentioned Surikov report.
26201	73	History is on the way.
26201	75	As we see, the Western strategy has entered a phase of full implementation. With the US/NATO taking the row, and a European Union masochistically in the first row in the attack on Russia. However, we can put a tomb stone on the theory of the so-called ‘End of History’ that the North American political scientist Fukuyama proposed to the fall of the Soviet Union and which would end definitively with the defeat of Russia.
26201	77	The story has begun again, the change is already in place, it is happening in front of our eyes. That’s why war propaganda is so strong, and even the most shy dissensus is put to silence and criminalized in what, against every evidence, still insists on defining itself the free world.
26201	79	The unipular order dominated by the U.S. has now aggressively reached the coda titles. At the end of the special Russian military operation in Ukraine, humanity could finally enter a new era characterized by the multipolarity and the rise of Eurasian powers. An international architecture that, compared to the past, provides a plural articulation of relationships and balanced powers.
26202	1	99% did not want the Green Pass to be extended, and they actually extended it. Democracy in Europe
26202	3	As you know, since we have dedicated to the topic several articles, on the proposal of the European Commission, the European Parliament voted yesterday, as planned, the renewal of the EU Digital Covid certificate for another year. The vote was 453 favored, 119 against and 19 opposed.
26202	5	The expiry of the certificate regulation was scheduled for June 30. Earlier this month, a Parliament delegation had already reached a “political agreement” with the Commission on the renewal of the certificate, making yesterday’s vote practically counted. The fun thing, and that makes it clear how much people are interested in the EU, is that the Commission had held a public consultation whose results were extremely negative. The consultation collected more than 385,000 answers, almost all against the renewal!
26202	7	In a letter to the European Ombudsman which the French deputy Virginie Joron posted on her Twitter profile, Joron writes:
26202	9	As @EU_Commission ne tient pas compte des avis des européens (https://t.co/toA1bLqX8c) ; i saisis la Médiatrice européenne. pic.twitter.com/OiWEfJ6GlP
26202	11	— Virginie Joron (@v_joron) June 14, 2022
26202	13	I read hundreds of answers by chance with my team. I did not find any of them in favour of the extension of the QR code [i.e. the digital certificate]. Based on this extensive survey, it seems obvious that almost all the answers were negative.
26202	15	The negative tendency of the answers has been evident from the beginning. The first full page of answers, all from February 4, is available here. I am, of course, in the different languages of the European Union: French, German, Italian and also one in English.
26202	17	To give readers an idea of the content, here is the translation of one or two lines of the first answers (from the bottom of the page):
26202	19	I am completely against the creation of this certificate, given what is currently happening with the disastrous management of Covid by the EU.
26202	21	I want this cst [probably a reference to the “Covid Safe Ticket” of Belgium] or vaccine passport to be simply removed...
26202	23	In the document box there are statements that are not scientifically supported. For example, it is claimed that the Covid certificate represents an effective protection against the spread of the virus – what data can support this claim?...
26202	25	Hello, I am shocked and disgusted by the decisions that kill the freedom taken in the EU... as regards this “European certificate”...
26202	27	I will never be subject to a discriminatory certificate again.
26202	29	And so through 385.191 answers, almost all negative.
26202	31	Of course, as the answers are almost all negative and opposite, the Commission has decided the opposite: it has reached an agreement to continue it. Because, in the end, nothing interests what Europeans think of the Commission. What is important is your agenda.
26202	33	Thanks to our Telegram channel you can stay up-to-date about the publication of new Economic Scenarios articles.
26203	1	The 16 Greatest Lies The U.S. Government Communicated to The World About War in Ukraine
26203	3	This is the motto of the new normality, an inno to the lies that takes the masses now in the prey to uncontrolled automates who defend the sword.
26203	5	I refer to the masses that you are not reading, I know that you are in few, but you have the privilege of fighting for a noble cause that of these times is quite rare.
26203	7	The 60s
26203	9	In every war, the first victim is the truth. Here are the greatest lies.
26203	11	“Ukraine is a democracy.
26203	13	Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has banned all opposition parties and banned the use of Russian as a second language.
26203	15	Why did he violate the promise made in the 2019 election campaign to stop the genocide murder of thousands of people in the Donbass, even though they voted for him? Did he lie because the neonazists threatened to kill him if he did not do what they wanted? Or are you afraid of the CIA, which has murdered other leaders, making it their fool? Should we rely on the judgment of a man who asks for a no-fly zone that could cause a global nuclear holocaust? Zelensky supervises the torture and murder of political dissidents.
26203	17	(2) “National sovereignty is sacred”
26203	19	When Idi Amin committed a genocide in Uganda, the United Nations violated Uganda’s sovereignty to stop it. When Ukraine committed a genocide in the Donbass and planned an escalation, Russia stopped it. [The United States has violated Cuba’s sovereignty to bring the planet to the corner of nuclear holocaust. The United States has violated many sovereignty in recent wars, killing millions of people. Given the genocide of a national minority by Ukraine, “Ukraine’s sovereignty should be respected.”
26203	21	Putin is a war criminal
26203	23	If he is a war criminal for causing the death of civilians, how do we call Ukraine that has killed 14,000 civilians in the Donbass since 2014? [4] Does anyone call Zelensky a war criminal? Millions of people killed by the United States in other recent wars are hundreds of times worse. Calling Putin a war criminal prevents Biden from negotiating with him with the excuse “You can’t talk to war criminals.” This makes it very difficult to stop this war. Evidently, the United States wants this war to continue until the last Ukrainian. The Rand Corporation’s plan is to “take in the pantano” Russia just as the United States failed the USSR giving the way to al-Qaeda’s opposition in Afghanistan.
26203	25	“The world condemns the invasion of Russia.”
26203	27	In fact, most of the world does not, including China, India, much of Africa, Israel, half of Latin America and many other countries. The two major political parties of Russia are not opposed to the intervention of Russia, the second is the Communist Party.
26203	29	Putin threatened to use nuclear weapons.
26203	31	Russia has the same policy as the United States. On March 22, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that Russia would only use nuclear weapons if its own existence was threatened. [5] Russia had a policy of “not first use” until the United States refused to do the same, so it abandoned it. U.S. presidents have threatened to use nuclear weapons several times since the end of World War II against countries that do not represent a threat to the United States.
26203	33	“With the back of the wall, Putin will resort to the chemical war, just as in Syria.”
26203	35	Russia has not used chemical weapons in Syria. Russia has negotiated the destruction or removal of the Syrian stocks. The chemical attacks in Syria were committed by rebels supported by Saudi Arabia and the United States. [7] If there is someone with the back on the wall, they are the Ukrainians and the Neonazists, trained by the CIA in false-flag tactics. As in Syria, the U.S. media falsely blames the Russians without any evidence. As in Syria, any chemical released to Ukraine will likely be the work of the opponents of Russia to blame it.
26203	37	The U.S. supplied Iraqi chemical weapons that were used to kill thousands of Kurds and Iranians in 1982-83, before the scorts were destroyed by Iraq. The U.S. is the chemical killer, not Russia that prevented it. The story is full of fake U.S. flags. [8 ]
26203	39	“Putin could resort to the biological war.”
26203	41	Although this accusation was spread by the media in the second week of March, after the embarrassing revelation that the Pentagon funded laboratories in Ukraine, the media did not talk about it anymore. At first the U.S. that dangerous samples had to be destroyed to prevent them from falling into the hands of the Russians; later it was that the samples were not dangerous at all, so that they didn’t incriminate the U.S.
26203	43	Any release of pathogens by Ukraine to blame Russia is now probably precluded. The Pentagon is guilty of funding research on the gain-of-function virus in China, after it was banned in the United States, with the risk of a possible laboratory release of the COVID-19. The U.S. is the bio-killer who used an antrace spoon of the U.S. army in October 2001, not Russia.
26203	45	“Russia is targeting civilians in Ukraine.”
26203	47	According to Newsweek, “Putin is not intentionally attacking civilians... In almost four weeks, the missiles shot against Kiev have been cut down... The destruction is just a small fraction of what is possible.” [9] The alleged civilian massacre in Bucha, which pushed Biden to accuse Putin of war crimes, was committed by Ukrainians who were “raping” the city by alleged collaborators after the Russian troops had gone days earlier. [ 10 ]
26203	49	“Russia will make false-flag attacks”
26203	51	There is no evidence that Russia has attacked objectives blaming Ukraine. On the contrary, seven days before the Russian incursion, the OSCE’s monitoring mission provided evidence of a Ukrainian flag attack on an asylum to blame the separatists of the Donbass. [Nobody was killed, but Ukrainian bombings on Donetsk increased 100 times over the following four days, leading to Russia's incursion to stop them.
26203	53	[Attacks on a maternity department, apartments and a concert room could have been false-flag attacks, scenic events or situations in which civilians were held hostage by fighters. It was that in a maternity department there were Ukrainian chickens who were shooting from there. The residents of Mariupol who came out witnessed that Ukrainian fighters prevented civilians from fleeing through the humanitarian corridor to use them as human shields.[13 ]
26203	55	“If Putin prevails in Ukraine, he will attack the NATO countries.”
26203	57	This statement is obviously ridiculous, because Russia is already sovereign and is unable to attack anyone else. Russia does not want a nuclear war. The objective of Russia is to protect the Donbass, obtain the recognition of Crimea, de-nationalize Ukraine and prevent nuclear missiles from approaching the Russian border. By exaggerating Putin’s goals instead of negotiating them, the United States extends the war and provokes the destruction of Ukraine.
26203	59	Russia threatens nuclear power plants
26203	61	Russian soldiers were ordered to “surveill and control” these facilities to avoid involuntary or deliberate damage. The photos show that the Ukrainians shot the first shot, destroying a Russian armed car, to which a second armed car responded to the fire. In the exchange, a training building was damaged. The fires were not near the reactors. Electricity for cooling has never been interrupted. But the scream was made to scare to death Europe, so that it could get its intervention in the war in Ukraine.[ 14 ]
26203	63	“The invasion of Russia threatens the whole world.”
26203	65	If Russia manages to prevent U.S. nuclear missiles from being placed in Ukraine seven minutes from Moscow, it will make a great benefit to humanity. Just as the U.S. ICBM fixed missiles are in warning state with the order of “lating them or losing them” without the possibility of deletion after the launch, the missiles in Ukraine would increase the possibility of accidents or calculation errors with little warning time to verify.
26203	67	The day of judgment is on the spines. This should scare everyone to death. In March, India carried out an accidental missile launch that landed in Pakistan, equipped with nuclear weapons, without being tested. [Putin warned in 2019 that any arrival missile would be allegedly nuclear, requiring a repressal launch by Russia before the arrival missile hit, so that it would not destroy the Russian deterrence force. [ 16 ]
26203	69	The United States and NATO are threatening the planet, not Russia. Here are the facts:
26203	71	President Reagan has rejected President Gorbachev’s offer to give up the disposal of a Star Wars missile defense system in space as a condition for the elimination of all nuclear weapons by both countries.
26203	73	President Clinton rejected President Putin’s offer to reduce our massive nuclear arsenals to 1,500 bombs each and to invite all other nuclear weapons-equipped states to negotiate the elimination of all nuclear weapons, in exchange for the fact that the United States would not place missile sites in Romania.
26203	75	President George W. Bush withdrew from the 1972 Anti-Balistic Missile Treaty and set a missile base in Romania.
26203	77	President Trump has placed another missile base in Poland. President Bush in 2008 and President Obama in 2014 blocked any discussion on Russian and Chinese proposals for the ban on space weapons within the United Nations Disarmament Committee in Geneva, which is based on consensus.
26203	79	President Obama has rejected President Putin’s offer to negotiate a treaty to ban the cyber war.
26203	81	President Trump has withdrawn the United States from the Intermediate Nuclear Force Treaty.
26203	83	From President Clinton to President Biden, the U.S. has never ratified the Treaty for the total ban of nuclear tests of 1992, while Russia has ratified it.
26203	85	Click to access: “Nuclear Posture Review” by Veterans for Peace. (January 2022)
26203	87	Should there be any doubt about the fact that the United States, and not Russia, threaten not only the world, but the whole human race for eternity?
26203	89	“The United States has a ‘free print’ while Russia’s news is controlled.”
26203	91	The U.S. news is owned by Wall Street billionaire oligarchs who give the so-called journalists the copy to report, making television reporters paid actors who know where their bread is. The U.S. media has proved more dangerous and wary than the Pentagon, as demonstrated by the U.S. wars of the past (Vietnam, Iraq, Syria, Gaza, Yemen, Afghanistan).
26203	93	Now these billionaires are censuring social media, so we are censored in doing personal research. The U.S. has closed Russian media such as Tass and Russia Today (RT) to prevent Americans from listening to the other side and to decide by themselves who lies and who tells the truth. What are Americans afraid of if they say the truth? According to Carl Bernstein, Pulitzer Prize journalist, the CIA captured the New York Times and the Washington Post.
26203	95	“Russia is planning cyber attacks against the United States.”
26203	97	"Russia remains open to dialogue and cooperation on cybersecurity with all States, and the United States is no exception,"" Kremlin's Andrey Krutskikh told Newsweek. “Moscow’s vision of such a multilateral cyber scheme includes a series of obligations not to use ICT as a weapon.” A potential key meeting was that of April, when Krutskikh sought to work with Washington in the digital kingdom. [ 17 ]"
26203	99	“Russia kills children.”
26203	101	The numbers are exaggerated like all other exaggerations of Ukraine to bring NATO into war. Every child’s death is accidental, not as the intentional murder of children by the United States and Israel. When Madeleine Albright was asked if half a million children who died of hunger in Iraq due to U.S. sanctions would be punishable, she replied “yes.” During the 2014 “Protective Edge” operation, Israeli military forces killed 2,200 Palestinians, of which more than 80% were civilians and almost a quarter were children.[19]
26203	103	“Russia could use tactical nuclear weapons.”
26203	105	Russia could have destroyed Kiev with conventional explosives, but it did not, so why would it have to use nuclear weapons?
26204	1	China, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict and the new multipolar order
26204	3	Riad primary recipient of funds for the Chinese Seat Road in the first half of 2022
26204	5	China’s official position on the Ukrainian issue is in support of the Minsk agreements, which established an acceptable compromise for the parties.
26204	7	Beijing has not expressed itself explicitly on the recognition of Crimea as part of Russia, as it has led to supporting only bilateral agreements between the contestants and not factual situations. However, the Chinese Defense Minister said the United States is “accused of the escalation of the conflict” in Ukraine and, therefore, of its “sirianization.”
26204	9	Criticism of American Subversive Action
26204	11	China has criticized the Kiev coup that destroyed legitimate president Janukovy? And the double standard, always applied by the Americans, so if Russia complains when its bases are placed at its borders then independent states can do what they want. China, however, if it puts naval bases on the Salomon Islands or in the Equatorial Guinea, threatens U.S. security, although these are thousands of kilometers away and sometimes tens of thousands of kilometers away.
26204	13	China has refused to condemn Russia, disapproving the illegal sanctions that the United States and its vassals have inflicted on Moscow. The United States can steal the money from other people or states at any time, when they don’t like something, as Afghanistan teaches, but other countries cannot oppose.
26204	15	It is obvious that the U.S. has badly calculated the consequences of the war. The Western sanctions were based on the false assumption that the Russian economy was highly vulnerable. The changes in the Russian economy in recent years have been ignored. The Western people believed in a myth created by themselves. Instead of shaking Russia, their sanctions have led to a dilagant inflation in their own home and Biden is almost sure to lose the mid-term elections. Europe is also in worse conditions. The support to Ukraine is suffering the West with inflation, as it was not seen for years.
26204	17	Chinese President Xi Jinping has criticized the unilateral sanctions, called “arbitraire”, and their falls on developing countries, encouraging “main developed countries” to adopt “responsible” economic policies. Speaking to the BRICS Business Forum, Xi said that “the facts have repeatedly demonstrated that sanctions are a ‘boomerang’ and a ‘double-cutting lips’. Those who “politize, instrumentalize and arm the world economy exploit the predominance of the international financial and monetary system to impose arbitrary sanctions, ultimately hurt themselves, others and the whole world.”
26204	19	According to U.S. Treasury Secretary Wally Adeyemo, Beijing should follow the trade restrictions that Washington has imposed on Moscow “as a punishment” for conducting “the special operation” in Ukraine. The U.S. requests to China were expressed in a form of ultimatum. China should follow the rules established by the Americans. However, the Chinese authorities do not accept such ultimatums. Therefore, Beijing has promised to take retrospective measures against American companies and individuals in case of pressure from the United States.
26204	21	China strongly opens any unilateral U.S. sanctions and the application of the principle of extraterritoriality, Chinese Foreign Ministry official representative Zhao Lijian said during a briefing.
26204	23	concerns about Russia's security
26204	25	China is concerned with Russia’s security concerns. He understands how NATO expansion, militarization at the eastern borders is a concrete threat to Moscow, with missiles to any nuclear tests targeted to Russian territory just a few minutes from the target.
26204	27	The US has made verbal promises not to extend NATO to the eastern borders. It’s since the time of Indian wars that the Yankee speaks in “biforcut tongue,” as the pelleros chiefs said. Just listen to what they said about the recognition of the “one China” policy and then follow their actions in Taiwan.
26204	29	What NATO has created is a situation of extreme insecurity for Russia. U.S. diplomat George Kennan, the strategist of the policy against the USSR, had planned this war if NATO had begun expansion to the east. Realistic diplomats like Henry Kissinger had warned of taking into account the needs of Russia.
26204	31	The same Pope Francis that a “sage” head of state, met two months before the conflict began, had exhausted his concern about going to “abdicate” NATO at the borders of the Russian space. The presidium of that space would never allow other powers to approach too much. There would be a war, as it happened.
26204	33	Chinese proposals
26204	35	China proposes to form a security architecture so that regional and global needs are taken into account, taking into account the concerns of each actor. Xi also told Putin that Beijing “actively promotes peace in the world and the stability of the global economic order.” According to a Chinese political scientist, the reason why a great power is really a great power, or it is considered such, is not in its ability to challenge the old order, nor much less in its ability to lead the war, but in its ability and responsibility to advance byining international peace.
26204	37	Beijing is struggling for a sustainable regional security system that should also be the priority of Europe.
26204	39	Succube States of the United States
26204	41	China is looking for a more autonomous Europe than Washington. The unreasonably subtle US policy leads to the weakening of Europe and the strengthening of the United States. Washington exploits the traditional enemies of European integration, namely the United Kingdom and Poland, to force Europe to trace them. The Americans are widely using the Baltic satellites as provoking agents, first of all Lithuania, which has also provoked China with a kind of recognition of Taiwan. The U.S. is targeting these serving states to use them against Beijing and eventually Russia. We think of the provocations of Canadians with spy aircraft on the border with China, Australians on the Salomon Islands and Lithuanians with the threatened Kaliningrad blockade against Russia. NATO has become a private instrument of the United States, or it has always been.
26204	43	China applies active neutrality, recognizing the needs of all. It does not take an active part neither with sanctions nor with military aid. It comes not less to the agreements with Europe and Russia, but China has made constant criticism of NATO and the United States. Beijing has recognized that this conflict has deep roots. The week does not start on Sunday but on Monday, and on Monday date 2014. This does not mean that you have necessarily agreed on the military intervention, but the reasons are recognized.
26204	45	For Beijing, a compromise-based negotiation path must be found. The preconditions are the emancipation from the logic of the blocks and the Cold War. Multilateralism, dialogue and international cooperation must be implemented in mutual respect. The distinctive traits of China’s foreign policy – cooperation, multilateralism, economic growth, new globalization based on mutual advantage, competition, state of international law, peaceful rise – are all that the United States and their friends – use and throw – don’t want.
26204	47	Strengthening cooperation with Russia
26204	49	Washington’s pressure to separate China from Russia is unacceptable. China, in turn, aims to strengthen cooperation with Russia not as a new alliance opposed to anyone else, but as a strategic partnership. Beijing cannot accept the destabilization of Moscow, much less cooperate to this goal. As it has been said, the proposal of the Americans is: “Help us out the Russians because afterwards we can focus on doing out you.” Furthermore, the U.S. commitment to Russia will significantly slow down the U.S. strategic energy shift from Europe to the Indo-Pacific region, favouring China. China is everywhere opposed to the regime change policies promoted by the outside.
26204	51	Although Beijing is committed to improving relations with the West and Russia, the result is that these improve with Moscow and worsen with the West. They also improve relationships with the world of non-aligned. There are elements of economic complementarity between Russia and China, and the two countries agree on multilateralism and overcoming the unipolar world. The main factor of this relationship lies in reciprocal respect, unlike China-US relations, where the United States seeks to dominate and contain China. Russia and China are close and each knows very well that it is not possible to move the other to another place, so the only solution for these two nuclear states is to cooperate and help each other. China is strong in production and technology, Russia has vast natural resources including some of the necessary components in the semiconductor industry and is also a vast country with a high agricultural production potential.
26204	53	Chinese officials said the relations and cooperation between China and Russia will be further strengthened. During recent talks with Putin, Xi Jinping noted that, since the beginning of this year, bilateral relations haveined a solid development boost in the face of turbulence and global transformations. The economic and trade cooperation between the two countries has made significant progress. The cross-border highway bridge Heihe-Blagoveshchensk has opened itself to traffic, creating a new channel that connects the two countries.
26204	55	Xi and Putin also talked about the Ukrainian issue. Xi stressed that China has always independently assessed the situation on the basis of the historical context and the merit of the matter, and has actively promoted world peace and the stability of the global economic order. All parties should push for a correct solution to the Ukrainian crisis in a responsible way, Xi said, adding that China will continue to play the role it is responsible for. A peace negotiated is the best result for all. China, being one of the few great formally neutral powers in this conflict, could have a great opportunity to help mediate a peaceful solution. Certainly Zelensky’s positions on Taiwan don’t help, rather they sound like a manifest provocation.
26204	57	The Marxist point of view
26204	59	China is willing to work with Russia on its sovereignty and security goals, deepening its strategic coordination and strengthening its joint action in important international and regional organizations such as the United Nations, the BRICS mechanism and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. China is also willing to work with Russia to promote solidarity and cooperation between emerging countries and developing nations, push for the development of international order and global governance towards a fairer and more reasonable direction. In this there is full agreement with Putin that he wants a coordination with China to a fairer international order.
26204	61	From a Marxist point of view, it is important today to form a system of international alliances to reverse the hegemonic unipolar order with the United States, to bring up a new counter-egemonic order that gives space to emerging countries. Each country acquired in this struggle constitutes a new powerful fortress and casamatta. The struggle for the multipolar world is the form of class struggle in the 21st century. Putin’s statement that the future is of sovereign countries is already in itself a revolutionary position. China does not have a modern colonial and imperialist tradition, but it is now the country where the most important anti-colonial and anti-imperialist revolution has occurred in history.
26204	63	Those who argue, in the field of the left, that the Ukrainian conflict is simply inter-imperialist, exclusively for the struggle for the markets and raw materials or worse, like the pop philosopher Slavoj Žižek, who expect the strengthening of NATO, are objectively from the imperialism. The inability to see the national component of class matters and the class component of national matters, as the Russian communists argue, leads directly to sterile doctrinarism and embellish when not to the enemy’s field. The Donbass struggle is, in this context, a struggle for national liberation.
26204	65	Patriotism, the national issue and the national liberation movement were the real figure of the communist and revolutionary movement in the twentieth century. The October Revolution immediately became a national liberation struggle after the invasion by numerous countries (including Italy) to support the “white” counter-revolutionists.
26204	67	We can talk about the Russian Civil War as the First Patriotic War. It should be remembered that by the end of the Civil War the Soviet Russia was even invaded by Poland, that Japan left Siberia only in 1926 and that from 1932 to 1939 it attacked the USSR for three times, taking advantage of the conditions of weakness from which it was out of the Civil War. The same Working Opposition to the Peace in Brest is made in the name of “red patriotism.”
26204	69	Already during the Civil War the budënovka became the distinctive trait of the Red Army of the Workers and Farmers and in particular the First Army of Knight (the famous Konarmija: “Army of Horse”) of Semën Budënnyj, Kliment Voroshilov and Stalin. The Budënovka (from Budënnyj) refers to the traditional copricap of the bogatyrs (originally bogatyrka) the legendary fighters of the Slavic tradition. The image he wanted to give was that of the “red bogatyrs” fighting the old and corrupt Russian system and the foreign invader, as the greatest among the bogatyrs, Il'ja Muromec, had done.
26204	71	Until Fanja Kaplan attacked Lenin, the Bolsheviks formed a coalition government with the social-revolutionary leftists, a sort of People's Front ante litteram, trying to extend the alliances of the working class. Generally, it indicates the end of the Civil War with the conquest of Vladivostok and the liberation of the entire Soviet Fatherland in October 1922.
26204	73	Lenin writes, against the western left communists who ironic about the “defense of the Fatherland” in Soviet Russia, that “recognizing the defense of the Fatherland means recognizing that a war is just or unjust. We have been the defenders of the Fatherland since October 25, 1917. It is precisely to strengthen the bond with the international proletariat that we are for the defense of the socialist homeland. The war for the defence of socialism is legitimate and ‘ sacred’. Trotsky wrote: “When power is in the hands of the workers, patriotism becomes a revolutionary duty.” It is the same Trotsky to speak again in the 1930s, of a “new Soviet patriotism”, a feeling “certainly very deep, sincere and dynamic.”
26204	75	The End of Liberal Globalization
26204	77	What has been missing in Western ideology is the confidence in the globalization of markets, as a pillar to impose a unique story based on the philosophy of liberal history. The ultimate, escatological goal would be to destroy all other civilizations by unifying humanity on the basis of individualism, “freedom” and “democracy” as it is meant in the West. But the American liberals have lost the struggle for globalization, and then reap on the usual meats such as economic protectionism masked by the protection of human rights, the imposition on satellite countries of policies contrary to their interests and, of course, war. This goal finds increasing resistance, cannot be imposed in a peaceful way, and that’s why peace is increasingly in danger.
26204	79	The western blockade directed by Washington, the United Kingdom and their vassals seeks to encounter China and Russia, with the QUOD and AUKUS system, thus the anti-imperialist and anti-egemonic struggle is in the common interest of the two Eurasian countries. The American hegemonic attempt had already begun with the Pivot to Asia of the “Nobel Peace Prize” Barack Obama.
26204	81	We are already, willing or lazy, in a multipolar world, and many emerging countries are no longer strictly dependent on the West. The US-led NATO behavior shows that the United States is no longer able to maintain the world order that is developing towards a progressive pluralism, the so-called “deep pluralism”. Today’s world is conditioned not only by Xi’s China, but also by Putin’s Russia, Modi’s India, Erdogan’s Turkey. Per France, Germany and Italy in the EU could have something to say if they looked at their real interests. Then there are the emerging countries (Brazil, Indonesia, South Africa) that are increasingly less trusted in the West and in particular in Washington that no longer enjoy a universal legitimacy and trust in the world. The sanctions, the result of globalization, seek to isolate the emerging countries and end up to isolate the West. The predatory activities of the Liberal countries are now poorly tolerated. If the West wants to live worse and fight in defense of the Nazis as an operate, this does not mean that everyone in the world wants it. Technology is no longer exclusively from the West. China is also advancing in the technological field and can put its heritage at the disposal of those who resist and want to emancipate from Western protection. China will strengthen friendship with Russia and the result will be the long isolation of the West.
26204	83	There are also interesting elements from Russia as the attempt to get rid of the dollar through ruble payments. This is important because through the domination of the dollar and technology the West exercises its power over the world. The proposal made at the BRICS summit of an alternative currency is without a doubt interesting. Through internationalization, RMB-Yuan is now accepted as a reserve currency by the IMF and the fourth world currency, and this also goes in a common direction to that of Moscow. E-Yuan is also in this perspective. It is accompanied by a planning of the use of the currency, under the strict control of the monetary authorities of Beijing, which is used for investments in particular in the Way of the Silk and, therefore, in the real economy rather than in the financed economy. Since 2016, the Monetary Fund has officially accepted and recognized the RMB-Yuan equal to the dollar, the pound, the euro and the yen.
26204	85	The experience of sanctions can also be useful since the sanctioned countries are numerous (with increasingly arbitrary sanctions) and therefore it is useful to use their own currency and an alternative system to the SWIFT, against the real debt traps, those created by the IMF and the company. It has been noticed, for the first time, that the positions of the West are not universal, and few developing or emerging countries share the American agenda. The German newspaper Welt writes: “Moscow is supported by China, India, Brazil and South Africa, which, along with Russia, produce one-third of the world’s economic product. More than ever, they receive fertilizers, energy and weapons from Russia.” Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are largely neutral, and so far they have done little to increase their oil production. It can be said that most countries in the world have not followed the West in the sanctions against Moscow.
26204	87	The unanimous consensus to the US positions is also seen by the outstanding success of the Belt and Road Initiative, which is now extending to more than a hundred countries.
26204	89	That China and Russia have more than one point of contact has become clear with Imran Khan’s reversal in Pakistan, after the meeting with Putin, taking into account that he had a good relationship with China too. The former Prime Minister openly denounced how the U.S. is behind his dismissal. China and Russia also have the common objective of fighting Islamist terrorism which in the past has given serious problems in Chechnya and Xinjiang. The West defends the “brave” Islamists, those who attack their enemies, after they massacred Muslims in the middle of the world. The US policy tends to create instability in the world to hurt its opponents who instead demand stability, this will only take more and more countries of the world away from the Western circus led by the US.
26204	91	If more and more countries among the former unaligned countries will not reach the American front, the multi-polar world will grow and unilateral arrogance will become more problematic to apply.
26206	1	Critics of the Russian Strategy in Ukraine
26206	3	A common topic used to “prove” that Russia is failing in its war against Ukraine is that Russia failed to take Kiev quickly, rather it was forced to withdraw from Kiev. In addition, military analysts who in the U.S. populate the cable news insist on the fact that the Russians are enthusiastic and are not making the fast progress they (the Russians) expected.
26206	5	These are fools. I challenge anyone to show me a statement from Putin or the Russian High State in which a specific timeline was established or identified. This is a structure of Western military analysts who do not have access to Russia’s military plans and who use their velleitarism as “proof” of a Russian army in crisis.
26206	7	But it’s not only Western military analysts playing Debbie Downer’s ninja. Even a famous blogger with many supporters in Russia, Strelkov [Igor Vsevolodovich Girkin, also known as Igor Ivanovich Strelkov], is pushing the narrative that Russia would be stumbling in the Donbass. I’ll say something more about Strelkov in a moment.
26206	9	I find it fun that American retired generals and columnists who populate Fox, CNN, MSNBC and Newsmax are committed to criticizing tactics that they themselves have never employed. The last time the United States was on a battlefield to fight against an army organized with a powerful air force, artillery and armed carriers was in Korea. Most of these tics (e.g., General Keane) carried the panolins or went to the elementary. None of them were on that battlefield.
26206	11	The U.S. war experience since 1960 has been against troops of the Third World, who did not have a modern air force or armed troops of a certain entity. The one that was closest to a war against a real army was that against North Vietnam. But the North Vietnamese as a combat tactic against the U.S. army were more relied on numerical superiority and the U.S. had withdrawn their combat units from Vietnam when the North Vietnamese had invaded the south and defeated the South Vietnamese. (I want to add that the U.S. troops in Vietnam, mostly, had fought courageously despite a military and political leadership that had betrayed their sacrifice. It’s not anti-American asking the question: why were they dead?
26206	13	Russia is not playing the US. When George W. Bush launched the “shock and awe” attack in Iraq in March 2003, media briefings and front images played an important role in convincing the U.S. public that our army of billions of dollars was irresistibly shaking the Iraqi forces. It was only after Bush’s “Mission Accomplished” speech that the Americans had to deal with the fact that they did not control Iraq and that there was a strong insurrection movement.
26206	15	So what am I trying to say? That the Russian military leadership and Vladimir Putin don’t waste time giving reporters daily information about the number of corpses of Ukrainian fighters or showing the images of the drones that destroy the Ukrainian trincee.
26206	17	The Americans are delighted to have a free and dynamic press. However, military analysts such as Scott Ritter and Doug MacGregor are rarely invited to appear in cable broadcasts to offer an alternative point of view to the narrative that is propensed to a credulous and ignorant audience. I will repeat a observation that I had made at the beginning of the Russian campaign concerning the famous Russian 40 miles long column that was staying for more than a week north of Kiev. U.S. analysts had insisted that this was the proof of Russia’s incompetence in keeping those tanks armed and those trucks supplied with fuel. However, throughout the time that that big and fat Russian target was left exposed, the powerful Ukrainian army had failed to launch any organized attack of a certain importance to destroy that column.
26206	19	This is not a secondary point. None of the Ukrainian aircraft (fixed or rotating) had attacked the column. No Ukrainian artillery unit had bombed Russian tanks and trucks in full sight. And no Ukrainian units of armed means had attacked the Russians, apparently boiled. Why? Because Ukraine had no ability to carry out such attacks.
26206	21	What was Russia doing? Ritter, MacGregor and Martyanov, among others (including the signed), interpreted it as a diversified maneuver studied to block the Ukrainian forces treated around Kiev, while Russia was preparing to focus on Donbass and the southern coast of Ukraine.
26206	23	I am told Mr. Strelkov, who writes:
26206	25	It was a week of minimum earnings. In addition, the profits have arrived in the wrong area. Most of the gains were north of the Seversky Donets River. Meanwhile, the head of Izyum bridge, south of the river, from which the push should start, remains static (contained). and and and
26206	27	These are made obvious to anyone, so the new copy is that Russia would eliminate 500 Ukrainians a day. Except that there is no way that the Russians have access to this information and, if you think that Rybar Telegram actually has access to Ukrainian documents, you should be in a brain disease institution.
26206	29	It is the old and always valid strategy of Vietnam, I think. When you can't show any real progress on the field, resort to a false count of bodies. The account of the bodies does not win the wars, and also Ukraine can replace its losses. Russia cannot. All the men that Ukraine loses will be replaced. Those lost from Russia, mostly, will not be.
26206	31	Mr. Strelkov is saying that Russia’s goal is to quickly conquer the Donbass, without taking into account the losses of its troops. Putin is not Stalin. Stalin had not hesitated to letterally send millions of men to the massacre in order to stop the Germans. Putin and his generals move much more methodically and cautiously. The Russians rely on artillery and airstrikes to undermine Ukrainian defence positions. And this is giving its fruits. Ukrainian troops are giving up in significant numbers, especially those that have recently entered service and are not integrated with the neonazist mercenary forces.
26206	33	I am confused by Strelkov’s claim that “Ukraine can replace its losses.” Arrival of 60 years old Ukrainians is not the proof of a strong military response. It is a hitler disappointment. In the last days of the Third Reich, Hitler had set Berlin in search of old and young people to preside positions that were no longer defended by the German regular forces. Ukrainian President Zelensky had undertaken a similar strategy even before the Russian “special operation”:
26206	35	On Wednesday, the Ukrainian land forces announced that they have begun the call, with immediate effect, of members of their operational reserves. The reservoirs between the ages of 18 and 60 have been mobilized for a year.
26206	37	Russia is not in a corner to remove its wounds. Instead of sending troops against fortified positions, Russia continues to attack targets throughout Ukraine with precision missiles. Here is the report on May 4th:
26206	39	Russia has attacked a railway substation in Pyatihatki with a high-precision missile.
26206	41	Russia has attacked a railway substation in Tymkove with a high-precision missile.
26206	43	Russia has attacked a railway substation in Volovets with a high-precision missile.
26206	45	Russia has attacked a railway substation in Lviv with a high-precision missile.
26206	47	Russia has attacked a railway substation in Pidbirtsi with a high-precision missile.
26206	49	Russia has attacked AFU military means near Protopopovka with a high-precision missile.
26206	51	Russia has attacked AFU military means near Novaya Dmitrovka with a high-precision missile.
26206	53	Russia has attacked AFU military means near Sandjeika with a high-precision missile.
26206	55	Russia has attacked AFU military means near Krysino with a high-precision missile.
26206	57	Russia has attacked AFU military means near Volnyansk with a high-precision missile.
26206	59	“Russia has attacked AFU military means near Novoalexandrovka with a high-precision missile.
26206	61	I know that, two weeks ago, the U.S. military commanders hoped that Russia had exhausted its precise missile stock. Hope is not a good strategy. The Russians, apparently, did not receive that memorandum (and Ukrainian sources confirmed these attacks).
26206	63	A further proof that Russia is choosing for the strategy “take and touch someone” comes from a video shot in the afternoon (4 May) of a bombing on Mykolaev alias Nikolaev:
26206	65	If you think that endure this type of bombing is a boy’s game, then you don’t know anything about the limits of human resistance to such a prolonged fire.
26206	67	I am not saying that the Russians are not encountering a fierce resistance from some Ukrainian units. But I am offering an alternative explanation for the land strategy of the Russians. They have no deadline. They do not intend to send their military units into frontal attacks and risk unnecessary losses. And they will constantly bomb Ukrainian units until they give up or are destroyed. The time is on Putin’s side.
26206	69	The biggest failure of Western military analysts is that they have not taken into account the fact that the economy of Ukraine has been shaken. Ukraine cannot export or import anything from the south and it depends on what Europe and the United States can send by land. The fuel supply in Ukraine is becoming less and less abundant. With these realities, will Ukraine feed its people? This will be a critical factor in the coming days.
26207	1	EMA and ECDC say yes for the 4^ dose. Meanwhile, 2 million reports of vaccine damage only in the last year
26207	3	The damages of the raddopian vaccine in one year in Europe
26207	5	The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) have declared their zero for the fourth dose of the vaccine to over '60s and fragile.
26207	7	EU Commissioner for Health, Stella Kyriakides, calls on the Member States to immediately launch a further call, adding that “this is how we protect ourselves, our loved ones and our vulnerable populations.”
26207	9	In fact, it is the official free way and the excuse for a further vaccination campaign. The Minister of Hope does not wait and declares already today an adjustment of the guidelines to push in the immediate operations, and calls on an urgent summit with AIFA and Scientific Technical Committee.
26207	11	But in the ferment, no one talks about the reversal of the medal, which along with the infections, vertiginously increase the damage by the Covid vaccine: in the only last year (March 2021 > July 2022) the EMA, through Eudravigilance, records 2 million adverse reactions, more than the double of the previous year.
26207	13	This is not the first time we try to get into the databases offered by institutions that, for transparency, should also watch over the adverse reactions caused by taking drugs and vaccines.
26207	15	Exactly a year ago, more precisely on July 23, 2021, we published an article that highlighted the 19,000 deaths registered by EudraVigilance as a result of taking the Covid vaccines, on a total of over 700,000 reports of adverse reactions.
26207	17	Until the next day, we immediately posted an update as the one-week deaths by the official website highlighted a +862.
26207	19	Compared to then, what has changed, in addition to the addition of the fifth NOVAVAX vaccine?
26207	21	The numbers are them, all to read, in their raw reality. EudraVigilance keeps the indicative data for the last year and to make sure we have downloaded from the database the formats of the available calculation sheets:
26207	23	- COVID-19 MRNA VACCINE MODERNA (CX-024414): 312.013
26207	25	- COVID-19 MRNA VACCINE PFIZER-BIONTECH (TOZINAMERAN): 1.043.308
26207	27	- COVID-19 VACCINE ASTRAZENECA (CHADOX1 NCOV-19): 506.221
26207	29	- COVID-19 VACCINE JANSSEN (AD26.COV2.S): 65.669
26207	31	- COVID-19 VACCINE NOVAVAX (NVX-COV2373): 1.117
26207	33	For a total of:
26207	35	1 928 328
26207	37	reports of adverse reactions to the listed vaccines.
26207	39	These are the data updated on July 9, 2022 that anyone can read on the EudraVigilance website, which we remember to be the “European centralized database of suspected adverse reactions to authorized or under study in clinical studies in the European Economic Area”.
26207	41	The numbers speak clearly: from July 2021 to July 2022 those who suffered an adverse reaction to a vaccine fed a backyard of patients so much to see than doubled the number compared to the previous year.
26207	43	How many are the deaths? If from July 2020 to today we can, approximately, count over 2.6 million adverse reactions, if the official deaths a year ago were 19,000, how many are they today?
26207	45	In October 2021, another update was posted online and spoke of 27,242 deaths throughout Europe, with an increase of 44% in just over two months.
26207	47	And Italy is between the fourth and eighth place, only in the second if we contain the reports of reactions to the latest NOVAVAX.
26207	49	In front of these numbers we wonder why so much omission is from the press, but also from a good part of the scientific and medical community.
26207	51	It appears more than obvious that the vaccine campaign so far has shown numerous lacunes, since the number of infected, for the greatest vaccinated in the third dose, is re-infecting.
26207	53	Research on EudraVigilance has also highlighted numerous cases of deaths also for minors.
26207	55	Clearly protected by privacy, following the instructions that we have already provided through the news of a year ago, you can get to the lists of individual cases: children in the 3/11 year range, but also deaths of newborn children who have suffered the effects of vaccination for mother-fetal transmission.
26207	57	And let’s talk about cases that date from 17 May and 30 June 2022.
26207	59	The vaccine, even for obvious issues of spread, which has caused more harm is always the Pfizer vaccine.
26207	61	The tables available to EudraVigilance also highlight this data:
26207	63	"The major cases are collected in the ""General disorders and administration site conditions"", i.e. ""a class of disorders that includes general type conditions that arise from a disease, from the treatment of a disease or from the administration of a treatment on a particular site and manifest with a characteristic set of symptoms and signs."""
26207	65	"Of these, approximately 40% is classified as ""serious"", and here are also the major deaths registered, and only for this reaction groups, for the Pfizer vaccine:"
26207	67	We stop in our analysis not because of lack of will, but simply because we would like that data to be read directly to the source by anyone who doesn’t want to turn the head from the other side, because not directly hit by the tragedy of a serious adverse reaction or death.
26207	69	It is the words of the Minister Hope that, right today, intervening at the twelfth congress of the Uil Pensionati and immediately after having learned about the free way of the ECDC and EMA, declares “It’s wrong to think that the battle against the Covid is won, it’s still ongoing and we have to keep a level of attention and caution.”
26207	71	We ask ourselves where to be cautious with the above data exposed, and the continuous news of infections from variants that from time to time are declared less virulent than the previous ones.
26208	1	Liberty, Liberty and Vaccination
26208	3	I read the words of Enrico Letta at a PD demonstration in which I was present:
26208	5	“The vaccine is freedom, the vaccine is freedom because this word – freedom – has been used untouched many, too many times; the vaccine is freedom to go to school; the vaccine is freedom to work, to earn; the vaccine is freedom to meet others, the vaccine is freedom to travel; the vaccine is freedom to have fun, the vaccine is freedom to do sports; the vaccine is freedom to enjoy spectacles, to enjoy the restoration of cultural activities. Whoever does not want to vaccinate is against the freedom of others and cannot be rewarded, and whoever is ambiguous on green pass and vaccinations is against the health of the Italians and whoever is ambiguous against green pass and vaccinations is against, against workers and against entrepreneurs, and it is useless that whoever is ambiguous on vaccines and green pass then go to parade in front of business associations to promise what. The most important thing is this and then we, we are proud to be the party of workers and entrepreneurs because we have always been consistent about the most important thing today: that is, the vaccine is freedom, the vaccine is freedom.”
26208	7	I listened to that intervention carefully, and also with a little trembling, since I have personal memories of when Letta was a boy and played wonderfully well in football for the streets of Porta Lucca. I was surprised by the fact that that former rapper, who retained the appearance and very often the mental clothes of an Oxford student, has repeated for 13 times in a little more than 2 minutes that the vaccine is freedom, that is, has adopted one of those strategies to which the politicians who have little cultural baggage and who go before the crowd armed with a single phrase, who repeat to the infinite, as if the repetition revealed its strength and not, on the contrary, the argumentary weakness.
26208	9	And it is a strategema of anyone, doctured or not doctured, adventure in fields that are not his own and must proclaim before a crowd an act of faith on which he will not know how to support a contradiction, because he himself believes you more for faith in who forms that assertion than for having examined the data with a certain competence.
26208	11	Does the vaccine give us freedom? Yes and no.
26208	13	You may attribute to him the merit of giving us freedom if these vaccines had the ability to block infections, to prevent transmission.
26208	15	It is not so!
26208	17	The vaccine provides an infection protection, very good/good after the first 14 days of the inoculation, but decreases a few months from the 2nd dose, up to bleeding and even reversing, in the sense that fully vaccinated subjects become even less protected from infection than non-vaccinated. This paradoxal evolution is accelerated with the Omicron variant, especially in children and asymptomatics.
26208	19	It is not true that vaccine is freedom to go to school because for children from 5 to 11 years the risk of COVID infection is 40% higher for vaccinated than for non-vaccinated. (data of the ISS)
26208	21	It is not true that the vaccine is freedom to earn and work because from 18 to 69 years (the working age) the risk of COVID infection is 4 times higher in vaccinated with 3 doses than in non-vaccinated. (Data from the Ministry of Health) Three-vaccinated workers and entrepreneurs are more sensitive to the infection, and the party that would want to represent them should know that in Italy workers aged 40 to 59 have a 10% higher risk of getting sick if vaccinated with a full cycle than non-vaccinated (ISS data).
26208	23	The current vaccine is unable to preserve the health of others, rather in the medium and long term, repeated vaccines seem even counterproductive for this purpose.
26208	25	It is not necessary to be doctors, it is enough to be politicians ready to examine vaccination policies, to ask questions about the fact that in June 2022, with a vaccine coverage among the highest in the world, we have more cases than last year, when the number of vaccinated was lower. Something to say would probably have been about the 180 million doses purchased last year to which the 138 million of this year are added and which are falling down in the collection centers.
26208	27	Being prepared politicians also involves considering tools and strategies to prevent pandemic explosions: vaccines are not enough, we can’t always have the right vaccine available, and I say right intending a vaccine useful for the risky categories, but without guarantees that the benefits are actually greater than the risks.
26208	29	Calling for the freedom of the vaccinated is a claim that may have a sense. To remember that in many European countries, which have had neither more nor less our number of victims, and some less rather than some more, freedom has been achieved in a much more consistent sense with this concept. To me that I am of another generation, it would be to say that in many European countries freedom has been realized in a much more respectful way than a dear principle in Gramsci when I wrote that the main problem of a free man is the freedom of all, and that the freedom of some is the opposite of the freedom of all.
26208	31	In Italy, the vaccine has been made mandatory for healthcare professionals and it has been for many other categories of citizens. Freedom and obligation are principles that presuppose a radically different view of the relationship between the state and the citizen: you can defend the greenpass and proclaim it a freedom instrument, repeating the phrase to the finest, but if we have to deal with the topic with a minimum of legal rigour then it is improbable to put together the two things because if you didn’t have the green pass didn’t work, which, if you allow me, was an even more sublime way of violating freedom in the field of vaccine choices: in this way you have even avoided to assume the responsibility of imposing the vaccine obligation, i.e. the responsibility of any negative effects of the short, medium or long vaccine period, which all drugs always have against collision effects, in terms of cost and benefits.
26208	33	The state has chosen for us, it has valued for us, it has thought for us. But formally without ever being called in question, without that one day anyone could accuse him anything given that he did not impose the vaccine, but the green pass, without which you could not do anything anymore.
26208	35	It is a strange kind of freedom, dear Letta, which, incurring suddenly the principle of non-contradition, you come proposing to the crowds. And if you allow me, I refuse it because not making politics I can give me the luxury of still staying attached to the logical consistency and the principle of proofability of a thesis only when it exceeds the analysis of the facts, i.e. the scientific data, how many times it can be repeated or banned.
26209	1	Covid, a scientific article examines the evidence on the consequences of vaccines: “They are neither safe nor effective”
26209	3	In an article, published in the International Journal of Vaccine Theory, Practice, and Research, John W. Oller Jr., Emerite Professor of the University of New Mexico, and Daniel Santiago, a pharmacist from Orlando, Florida, examine “the evidence about the consequences of the worldwide experimental use of genetic vaccines apparently to stop the spread of the pathological conditions attributed to the SARS-CoV-2 virus and its variants.”
26209	5	Looking at the experimental data on anti-Covid injections, it turns out that these “vaccinations” are neither safe nor effective. For example, on the effectiveness of the reference doses, the British Health Service publication entitled “COVID-19 vaccine surveillance report week 42”, on page 23, states: “Recent observations from the surveillance data of the UK Health Safety Agency (UKHSA) have that the levels of N [natural instead of S, Spike] antibodies appear to be lower in individuals who counteract the infection after 2 doses of vaccination (UK Health Safety Agency, 2021). Similarly, a Pfizer study published on Lancet by (Tartof et al., 2021) the following change after the “complete vaccination” defined as “two doses of BNT162b2 with 7 or more days after the second dose: the effectiveness of the vaccine against infections for fully vaccinated was decreased with the increase of the time after vaccination, decreasing from 88% during the first month after the complete vaccination to 47% after 5 months”, read the article of Oller Jr. and Santiago.
26209	7	Another study, recently published by Cohn et al. (2022), suggests that submissions interfere with the inherent capacity of the organism after a SARS-CoV-2 infection to produce antibodies against the virus. One of theoretical possibilities is that people vaccinated against Covid may not produce antibodies against the nucleocapside protein, the virus worm, which is, in theory, an integral component necessary in the antibodies for a successful immune response to defeat the variants of Covid.”
26209	9	“It is already obvious that imperfect, non-sterilizing and non-neutralizing vaccines that can reduce symptoms, but do not stop infection or transmission, can surely create conditions that can make the disease more serious (Seneff and Nigh, 2021). It is imperative that doctors remain vigilant about the problems arising from experimental substances, regardless of the pervasive propaganda that claims that essentially all “vaccinations” are “safe and effective.” The evidence shows that some “vaccinations” can make a “vaccinated individual” more vulnerable to diseases rather than less. If the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) reports are reliable as they seem, anti-Covid injections are far the most dangerous ever produced in the history of vaccinology, or at least since the VAERS reporting system (Seneff et al., 2022) is in force,” reports Oller Jr. and Santiago.
26209	11	"“In a disappointing way, after billions of injections have been administered, according to Mitropoulos (2022): “There is an increasing percentage of deaths for Covid among vaccinated.” However, the public narrative returns to the starting point: the solution to deaths from the beginning of the Covid era is vaccinating, vaccinating, vaccinating. At the end of the article, we read that “the decline in immunity again highlights the urgency of encouraging older Americans and high-risk Americans to additional doses.” But how can the booster improve things if those who do more than one dose are actually becoming more vulnerable to Covid? And, as if it wasn’t enough, they’re more likely to die. Why do the individuals who made the references, according to the UK Health Safety Agency, actually have fewer antibodies against the disease and no more?"", the two authors of the article write."
26209	13	“What if the anti-Covid genetic vaccines were actually causing, not only the production of the Spike protein of SARS-CoV-2, but diseases and death? Something is killing many people who have already been vaccinated one or more times. Meanwhile, unvaccinated people, according to millions of people in the UK, die in a much lower number. This is evident by observing the UK Health Safety Agency’s weekly reports. There are also experimental findings that suggest that the anti-Covid vaccines themselves should be considered possible causal agents.”
26209	15	“Give the results of Aldén et al. 2022), Liu (2021) and Seneff et al. (2022), increasing evidence that the same anti-Covid injections not only create further disorders and pathological conditions, which could be weakening within a few weeks and even fatal, some of which appear suddenly, in anaphylactic convulsions or in forms of sudden death in perfectly healthy people (Heilman, 2022), should we not think of the possibility that the shocking number of damages and deaths by VAERS is actually caused by the anti-Covid vaccines?”, conclude Oller Jr. and Santiago.
2621	1	The European Road to the Slave of Labour and Poverty: the Commission’s unique indications would be revolutionary
2621	3	Imagine if in the 1970s a government had stated that it intended to halt inflation by compressing workers’ purchasing power as much as possible by promoting illegal immigration. Surely it would not end well, if not with a revolution, with demonstrations that would be thrown into violence.
2621	5	Today, with the usual nonchalance, as part of its spring recommendations, the “Letterine”, the Commission advises the individual states not to adjust payments to inflation. How do we get this result? With a facilitation of the normalization of migrants and their work, regular or not. So the case proposed by the Commission is: all workers must be objectively poor, because their purchasing power is coming to decline very strongly.
2621	7	Among other things, a good part of these people are Ukrainian refugees fleeing the war, which is therefore given for sure they will never be able to return home. What is the purpose of sending weapons?
2621	9	The Commission thus protects a limited class of privileged and condemns to poverty all the other European workers, using an ancient tactic that, officially, dates back to the end of the Roman Empire and which in the past has never been good: workers are imported to lower the cost of work, even the servant, and to increase the rescue of the Latifondists. The Romans did it with the Goti and it ended very badly. But the Commission ignores, rather dishonestly, the European History. They are ready for any economic and social brutality in order to their goals: the protection of the interests of a small minority that is considered “elect”, superior to the laws of men and nature (see what they are combining with the Green Deal), against those of the democratic majority of Europeans.
2621	11	This is truly the last triangle of the personal and collective freedom of European citizens, and the last opportunity to save a well-being for even the most disabled, the non-priority. It would be necessary to strongly oppose any policy desired by this Commission, starting from the trust to the Draghi Government on the Decree “Competitivity”: a bad product of the government wanted only to please the masters of Brussels and written to tax the Italians (Catasto) and expropriate them of their property (Bolkenstein Directive) If this means to give up the debts of the PNRR, employed in unproductive, useless things and to fat the usual consultants, even better. Because the motto is always and only one: everything that comes from the Commission, is not elected in a democratic way, is bad and cannot be different.  The ironic thing is that whoever supports these repressive policies, like the PD, then says himself “from the left.” 
26211	1	The Insect Allies Program – the Pandora Vase of DARPA
26211	3	The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has led to a global food crisis, in a period of climate change, pollution and other food supply threats. In the near future, food problems are likely to be a global problem, while conflicts resulting from “wares to harvests” will also become an international issue of great concern.
26211	5	Since 2016, the U.S. Advanced Military Research Institute (DARPA) has launched a defense program known as “Insect Allies,” which, according to him, would have to face the potential risks related to food supply. However, [in this program] the Pentagon uses insects to insert “genetically modified viruses” [in plant cell DNA], which could influence cultivation growth by altering the genes expressed by the plants themselves, according to the media reports.
26211	7	After the announcement, the plan had received widespread criticism from scientists and experts from all over the world, who had warned that “Insect Allies” could open a “Pandora bag” technology that could easily be tailored into weapons.
26211	9	Even the intentions of the Pentagon are not clear: is it really about saving mankind from hunger or, on the contrary, deliberately provoking a humanitarian crisis to pursue some “military goals”?
26211	11	According to experts heard by the Global Times, Insect Allies is turning this concern into a real danger. Why do we use insects as a carrier? Why do the U.S. build biological laboratories near other countries, like Russia? When Pandora’s vessel is open, it will follow a series of disasters,” an expert said.
26211	13	However, this is just the tip of the iceberg of a project that could easily translate into a biological weapon. In addition to the Insect Allies program, the United States has conducted biological experiments around the world in their famous “bio-laboratories,” ignoring the principles of safety and ethics and clearly violating the “Convention on biological weapons.”
26211	15	Insects become biological weapons
26211	17	The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is a U.S. Department of Defense’s research and development agency responsible for the development of high-tech military applications.
26211	19	Since DARPA announced the Insect Allies program, in the name of disasters prevention and increased agricultural productivity, the polemics around the proposal have never ceased.
26211	21	According to the DARPA website, the program pursues “escalable, easily implementable and generalizable controls” against “potential natural and engineered threats” to food supply, with the aim of preserving the U.S. agricultural system.
26211	23	According to DARPA, the program, “applying targeted therapies,” seeks to mitigate the impact of possible threats to the system of cultures, including those natural and those introduced by state or non-state actors,” which could quickly put national security at risk.
26211	25	According to DARPA, the Insect Allies program studies the possibility of modifying the genetic heritage of plants through carrier insects and plant viruses from them, involving three technical areas: viral manipulation, carrier insects optimization and selective genotherapy in mature plants.
26211	27	To this goal, the $45 million project has funded at least four research institutions, as by the media.
26211	29	According to the report, in 2017 one of Insect Allies experiments had involved corn and tomato plants and species of dispersive insects, including cavallets, white mosquitoes (aleurodids) and affids.
26211	31	However, the project and intentions of the DARPA did not convince the scientists. In April 2018, a Science article warned that insects that were selected in the Insect Allies program “will have been transformed into biological weapons.”
26211	33	“In case of success, the technique could be used by malicious actors to help spread diseases into almost all species of crops and destroy crops,” it read. “Research could constitute a violation of the Convention on biological weapons,” the Science article continues, citing European scientists.
26211	35	“The program could be widely perceived as an effort to develop to hostile purposes biological agents and their means of delivery,” the critics had observed.
26211	37	Also, according to the German Max Planck Institute, the Insect Allies program “may be easily misused for the development of biological weapons.”
26211	39	In a critical review published in January 2022 on the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry, scientists observed that “the combination of a genetic modification caused by viruses of plants grown on the field with genetically modified carrier insects poses a greater risk than the current use of genetically modified organisms.”
26211	41	In 2019, Forbes had included Insect Allies in the list of “the ethical problems of technology that we should all think about.” Will it motivate other countries to develop technology to defend themselves? I asked Forbes.
26211	43	Zhang Jie, an expert at the Plant Protection Institute of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS), told Global Times that the possibility of using insects as a carrier of harmful bacteria and viruses to attack crops and cause a food crisis not only exists, but also has a wide margin of development.
26211	45	He said the three main crops – rice, grain and corn – all have viruses, bacteria or fatal fungi. In fact, targeted parasites, such as rice cicaline and grain grains, can carry various viruses to infect crops, causing enormous damage.
26211	47	“It would be lethal to turn a insect into a biological weapon, because, so far, the viruses in crops have been very difficult to control. Once an infected plant develops symptoms, it is almost impossible to save it. And the virus continues to vary, creating even more difficulties in prevention,” Zhang said.
26211	49	Zhou Huanbin, Zhang’s colleague who studies the genome editing, told Global Times that in the genome editing of crops it is necessary to follow a few principles, one of which is to minimize the risk of uncontrolled spread of genetically modified crops.
26211	51	All about the project’s controlability, Gregory Kaebnick, an ethic at the Hastings Center Institute of Bioethics Research in New York, has been quoted by AP for saying that once introduced into the fields, insects and microbes “may be impossible to remove.”
26211	53	Violations of the Convention on Organic Weapons
26211	55	The Insect Allies plan was labeled as “biological weapon” by Western scientists since the day it was announced, triggering acute discussions in Western academic circles and the media on the possibility that the plan could violate the United Nations Convention on Biological Weapons (BWC).
26211	57	Due to the extensive prohibition of the Convention on biological weapons, any biological research that is concerned must be plausibly justified as targeted for peaceful purposes. The Insect Allies program could be considered a violation of the Convention on Organic Weapons if the reasons presented by the DARPA were not plausible,” the article of the Max Planck Institute says.
26211	59	A milestone of the international control of biological weapons, the BWC was ready for the signature in 1972 and was entered into force in 1975, with more than 180 signatory states.
26211	61	The United States had initially pushed for the cancellation of the BWC and later became the only country to oppose the establishment of a multilateral verification mechanism for compliance with the Convention.
26211	63	“Using insects as carriers to spread diseases is a classic biological weapon,” said Silja Voeneky, a professor of international law at the University of Freiburg in Germany.
26211	65	According to Voeneky, in this program, the use of insects as a key element is “particularly alarming, because insects could be employed economically and surrettiously by malicious actors.”
26211	67	Chinese military expert Song Zhongping has called Insect Allies a “typical form of biological weapon.”
26211	69	“It could reduce harvests in targeted countries and artificially create food crises. In this way [the affected country] would lose its independence in the food industry and could become dependent on the U.S. food exports, including for genetically modified foods, which are part of the biological war,” Song said.
26211	71	Song believes that the U.S. should explain why in this research insects should be used as translators, especially because insects could peacefully spread viruses into cultures in other countries.
26211	73	“It’s not difficult to understand why the U.S. has established biological laboratories near rival nations, because only in this way laboratories can work with native species,” he said. “For example, it would be problematic if they brought American insects to an Ukrainian laboratory and then released them to Russia.”
26211	75	A long history of use of carrier insects
26211	77	The Insect Allies program is just one of many cases in which U.S. research has been accused of causing disastrous consequences worldwide, especially through the use of biological laboratories.
26211	79	The United States has openly admitted to managing 336 biological laboratories in 30 countries in the world, of which 26 in Ukraine. However, the signed contracts suggest that the United States has opened laboratories in 49 countries, many more than those officially recognized.
26211	81	The Pentagon has a long history of the use of insects as the carrier of diseases. According to a partially declassified 1981 report by the U.S. Army, U.S. scientists engaged in biological war had conducted several experiments on insects.
26211	83	In the 1980s, the U.S. Army’s Institute of Medical Research on Infectious Diseases had conducted experiments to verify “whether sand mosquitoes and pigs could be carrier of the Rift Valley Virus, Dengue, Chikungunya and Eastern Equal Encephalitis.”
26211	85	In the same decade, as part of a U.S. military operation called May Day, in the state of Georgia the Aedes Aegupti worms had been dispersed by land methods. The bears would be the carriers of dengue, chikungunya and the Zika virus.
26211	87	Gaytandzhieva also revealed that the Pentagon would conduct entomological war tests in countries such as Georgia and Russia.
26211	89	In 2014, the Lugar Center, built in the United States, near Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, had been equipped with an insect research facility and had launched a project called “Raising Awareness about Barcoding of Sand Flies in Georgia and Caucasus.”
26211	91	As a result, since 2015, Tbilisi has been infected by ‘punging’ mosques that had developed an atypical behavior to local species, such as being able to survive the whole year in closed environments and be highly cold-resistant.
26211	93	Furious mosques have also been found in the nearby Russian region of Daghestan.
26211	95	Furthermore, while conducting research on viruses and deadly bacteria, the United States had not been able to guarantee the safety of its biological laboratories. In 2015, the Pentagon had admitted that in 2003, live antrace samples were mistakenly sent from the Dugway Proving Ground military base near Salt Lake City, in Utah, to all 50 states and to nine countries, including the United Kingdom, South Korea and Germany.
26212	1	The “price” that Russia must pay for using military force
26212	3	The Russian army is pushing into the river of Severodonetsk to cut the back to the Ukrainian forces surrounding them in a bag. The attack, in recent days, has occurred mainly from the south, where the Russians are moving north/northwest from the town of Popasna.
26212	5	Moscow, with the withdrawal from the Kharkiv area, has gathered men and means in that sector to eliminate the Ukrainian resistance consisting of about 10 brigades (two armored, two light armored, two mechanized and four light armored). Air and artillery attacks, as in the best tradition of the Russian army’s fighting, are having the right of the defenders, to whom Moscow forces are trying to cut the escape routes by jumping the bridges – as happened between Severodonetsk and Lisichansk.
26212	7	The Kremlin is therefore trying to take further steps to its strategic goals, including that of establishing the territorial continuity between the Crimea and the Federation was recently achieved with the final fall of Mariupol being arrested the last defenders in the Azovstal steel.
26212	9	Moscow has demonstrated its willingness to use military force to its political goals: something we had already seen, in small, in Georgia in 2008, in Crimea/Donbass in 2014 and with the intervention in Syria in 2015. Different legal contexts, it is good to emphasize it: that in Georgia was a short symmetrical conflict between two state entities, in Crimea/Donbass there was the application of the Russian Hybrid Warfare, while in Syria there was a military intervention expressly requested by Damascus to eliminate the threat of the Islamic State and the anti-government emerging.
26212	11	The current war in Ukraine is the same as the previous: Moscow, when it considers appropriate, does not hesitate to use the hard power to its security targets, in the wider sense of the term, even given that its soft power capabilities – understood as the ability to offer an attractive alternative development/cooperation model – are lacking if related to those, for example, of China.
26212	13	If for Georgia these goals were to prevent Tbilisi from joining NATO and the EU, for Syria the intervention meant to prevent a regime change in Damascus from ending Moscow’s presence in the Eastern Mediterranean, where it has a naval base (Tartus) since the Soviet Union.
26212	15	Russia does not hesitate (more) to use force, we said, and it does so because, from its point of view, it believes that the context of the rules of international law has been shaped for use and consumption by the United States and the Western countries, who use it from time to time to their own goals (such as during the intervention in Libya in 2011) or simply proceeding out of it. The shocking example, and what the Kremlin propaganda most often quotes about this latter point, is that of the conflict in Serbia, when the Atlantic Alliance in 1999 carried out the Allied Force operation without having obtained the formal United Nations mandate claiming it was a “humanitarian intervention.”
26212	17	Moscow, therefore, with these military actions is trying to rewrite these rules, and it’s not alone in this mission: also China, and not only for the Taiwan issue, is acting in this sense though with different methodologies. Beijing to the goal of building its own security, but above all influence sphere, in Asia, is using its military force in a less violent but equally impating way, and the shocking example is given from what is happening in the South China Sea where the atolls of the Spratly and Paracelso archipelago occupied by the Chinese have been militarized gradually and slowly, according to a precise strategy called salami slicing (“affect the salami”) which aims to small results that do not trigger the precipitation of events to put the international community ahead of the fact done. This is why China disputes the U.S. Fonop (Freedom of Navigation Operation) in those waters (but not only) and why it considers an aggressive move the presence of Japanese naval units in the waters of another confined archipelago, the Senkaku.
26212	19	This international system, therefore, is no longer good in Moscow and Beijing, and the two giants are moving – for years – to change it by offering parallelly an alternative model that is definitely more attractive when it comes to the Chinese. The One Belt One Road, or New Way of the Net, has set up a global network of trade agreements with Beijing at the center that is challenging the U.S. capacity to put itself as the main referent, and that’s why Washington is running to the repairs recently turning the B3W (Build Back to Better World), whose developments, however, still have to be seen.
26212	21	In Ukraine, therefore, Moscow does not only play the influence on its neighboring (near abroad) western, which on the other hand has shown that it does not know how to control just because it is unable to provide an attractive model equal to the European/Atlantic, but its desire to return to be the regulator of international law. A right put into crisis just by the Russian armed intervention and by what it brings with it: accepting the conditions of Moscow, formalizing the cession of Crimea and the Russian territorial conquests resulting from the conflict, becomes then impossible for the West, which if it had to give up would demonstrate in the first place the weakness of its model, and in the second place the feasibility of the use of the brutal force to be able to its goals.
26212	23	Certainly, in this sense, there is also the weight of history if in a more global context: the outcome of the 1938 Munich Conference did not stop Hitler's Germany from continuing in achieving its Lebensraum, and also accepting the unilateral use of force, today, would mean opening a vessel of Pandora left closed since the end of World War II substantially.
26212	25	That’s why the United States, despite recent diplomatic openings with Russia, does not give up and talk about a “long-term price” that Moscow will have to pay for using the military tool attacking Ukraine. These words were said by President Joe Biden speaking Monday 23 at a press conference in Tokyo with Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida after their summit. “It’s the cost of those who want to change their assets with the use of force,” he added. These “assets” to which Biden refers are the rules of international law that Moscow is overturning with the current war, and are the same that, always the White House inquiline, has claimed to want to defend for the Taiwan issue.
26212	27	During the same conference, he said the U.S. would intervene militarily if China tried to take Taiwan with force, a warning that also seems to deviate from the deliberate ambiguity traditionally supported by Washington and that will serve to assure Taipei, who, starting from the precipitated withdrawal from Afghanistan, has begun to raise doubts about the U.S. will remain on its side in case of an open conflict with the Dragon.
26212	29	The conflict in Ukraine will change our world and not only as regards the European/Western foreign policy, which has isolated Russia by delivering it to China and further strengthening its bonds, but also because it represents a challenge to the concept of international law, put for the first time clearly in question by the Kremlin that for this reason it will have to pay a “price” represented by its economic dissancement to continue the conflict it has triggered, through the continuous military and financial support to the government of Kiev.
26213	1	The Ukrainian Army and the “Atlantic International”
26213	3	23 July 2022 The Ukrainian Army and the “Atlantic International”
26213	5	While Western media sells us the military conflict in Ukraine as a great national liberation war against the foolish Russian aggressor, we constantly learn, from Anglo-Saxon sources, the participation of soldiers from NATO countries in the lines of the Ukrainian army.
26213	7	As far as the Ukrainian army seems to be just a empty denomination, like the Ukrainian state, used to hide the real government mechanisms. This is the case with the English. In other words, it is rather the Atlantic international, who is fighting in Ukraine against Russia!
26213	9	A few days ago, the newspaper The Independent an interview with a Georgian commander, who is fighting in Ukraine by the Ukrainian side. It is true that Georgia has extensive experience in terms of internal destabilization and is completely under U.S. control (it is enough to walk through Tbilisi to see the entity of the country’s physical military occupation), which has even re-qualified its former president-traffic – the revolutionary Saakashvilli with the post-Maidan Ukrainian government and for a certain period as the governor of Odessa. We will not even talk about Maidan cheeks... In short, the friendship of the “liberated” countries from themselves in the post-Soviet space in full action!
26213	11	Thus, according to this Georgian commander, in this great national liberation war more than 3,000 British soldiers took part... in the lines of the Ukrainian army. Around 20,000 foreign soldiers are in the Ukrainian army.
26213	13	What national army are we talking about? What is the fight?
26213	15	A US mercenary told the American journalist Seth Harp that there were also members of the British special forces of the SAS:
26213	17	The Russians rightly say that the presence of these foreign fighters at Azot is blocking the process of conversations and thus the liberation of civilian hostages. What is true for this factory is true for the country.
26213	19	The situation in Ukraine has worsened deeply since it passed under foreign control. And currently, it is the direct involvement of NATO countries in the military conflict on Ukrainian soil that is making this conflict lasting. For the simple and good reason, who have no interest in seeing the brother Ukrainian and Russian people coexist peacefully, who want to use an extremist minority to sow terror within the country and formally fight through it against Russia.
26214	1	Draghi leaves his resignation, just when Europe needs him
26214	3	With Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi’s leadership on the hole of collapse, the European Union may be on the point of losing one of the last adults in the room.
26214	5	Draghi, 74, is accredited to have saved the euro during the financial crisis and played a crucial role stabilizing the third-largest economy of the EU as the blockade must face an energy crisis and a war at its doors.
26214	7	But a feud internal policy within his coalition the government has proved too tolerant to the Italian leader and on Thursday announced that it would offer to resign. His resignation was immediately rejected by Italian President Sergio Mattarella, but the drama has not ended.
26214	9	On Wednesday, a vote of confidence will be held to verify whether the government can continue. It is not clear that Draghi’s alliance will survive.
26214	11	Italian political disorders will be heard throughout Europe at a critical time, while EU leaders are looking forward to how to respond to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the dilagant inflation and the coronavirus recurrence.
26214	13	The collapse of the Draghi government could trigger “the destabilization of Europe,” Senate Senator Antonio Saccone said, while the political drama took place on Thursday in Rome. “You’ll make a favour to Putin,” he told Draghi’s critics before a key vote in parliament.
26214	15	The crisis exploded after the long tensions between Draghi and his coalition companions in the populist Five Star Movement. After weeks of increasingly irascible talks, the 5Stars left and refused to support one of Draghi’s distinctive economic plans in what the Prime Minister said was equivalent to a vote of uncertainty in the coalition.
26214	17	The President of the Council immediately visited Mattarella to discuss his future before he resigned. If Draghi eventually leaves the office, it would open a period of instability and the spectrum of anticipated elections in Italy.
26214	19	However, even if Draghi’s government survives, this episode could simply be the first of many power struggles while the parties working in the disputed coalition intensify their demands before the next year’s elections.
26214	21	The financial markets on Thursday reacted with concern to the worsening of the crisis. The euro has fallen against the dollar and the spread between the Italian and German bond returns, seen as a key risk indicator, has increased.
26214	23	While the nervousness of the market will have a harder impact on the Italian economy, politicians and analysts warn that the damage from Draghi’s departure will replicate throughout the region.
26214	25	For more information about surveys from all over Europe, visit POLITICS Survey of surveys.
26214	27	Former President of the European Central Bank, its authority in economic matters has helped him take a key role in the discussions between European leaders, stated the constitutional lawyer and democratic legislator Stefano Ceccanti.
26214	29	“German Chancellor Scholz has just recently come to power and Macron has won the elections in France, but he’s weakened,” Ceccanti said, referring to French and German leaders. “After that Draghi is the most important.”
26214	31	The Italian protagonist in Brussels
26214	33	If Draghi left, he would miss his leadership in Brussels. Among his affairs suspended, he supported a reform of the EU tax rules, collaborating with French President Emmanuel Macron to form a plan that has not yet been implemented.
26214	35	Moreover, plans to tackle the energy crisis, including a package of support to reduce the impact of price rise on consumers and, could be more difficult to tackle without Draghi, according to Teneo’s political analyst Wolfango Piccoli.
26214	37	On European level, Draghi has also pushed to the maximum for a price head on oil and even gas, hoping to reduce increasing payments to Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin is still funding his invasion of Ukraine by the billions earned by selling EU fossil fuels, although the blockade is pushing to reduce its purchases. Although the idea of Draghi’s price limit has detractors, it will be present in the EU leaders’ discussions in the coming months.
26214	39	“This is the type of initiative in which Draghi could make the difference,” said Piccoli. “It would be heard in Europe and can speak directly with Biden. It could be a loss for Europe.”
26214	41	Then there is the question where Italy would leave a change of government.
26214	43	Draghi was originally commissioned in early 2021 to develop and implement the EU loan and subsidy package for the post-pandemic economic recovery of Italy. These were linked to widespread reforms, which Draghi’s leadership was considered vital for realization.
26214	45	As the main beneficiary of EU funds, Italy is a key proof bank for the program’s success: if the fund has to become permanent, it has to be seen as a success there.
26214	47	For some, the remaining of Draghi could also help ensure the continuity of the European policy on Ukraine.
26214	49	In his opening speech, Draghi declared his pro-NATO and pro-EU government, and was seen as one of the most aggressive European leaders against Moscow, asking other European countries to become more severe with the oligarchs and supporting Ukraine’s attempt to become a formal EU candidate. His departure could weaken the Western Alliance.
26214	51	For others, the hard line of Draghi on Ukraine has been mostly discussed. The contribution of Italy to military and financial support has been exhausted compared to other states.
26214	53	Maurizio Gasparri, Senator of Forza Italy, has minimized the impact of Draghi’s potential departure, emphasizing that his time is still limited until the end of the legislature in 2023 and observing that other countries also held elections in the middle of the pandemic and energy crisis.
26214	55	This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money, and you’re going to get a lot of money.
26214	57	Draghi should not be forced to stay because Italy is afraid of elections, he said: “We will vote anyway by the next year, we can’t suspend democracy in Italy.”
26214	59	In the short term, it is uncertain whether Draghi will go away.
26214	61	The leader of 5Stars, Giuseppe Conte, said on Wednesday that his party still wanted to support the government, although in Thursday's vote he did not support the economic package.
26214	63	But if Conte’s party decides to leave the government, Draghi said he doesn’t want to lead another without the 5 Stars. The right-wing league also suggested to favor the elections.
26214	65	If Draghi loses the next week’s vote of confidence, the president could set up early elections. But if Draghi wins and is driven to stay, many insist that it will be not only in the national interest, but in the interest of the remaining Europe.
26214	67	“The role of Draghi in Europe,” Ceccanti said, “is the strongest reason Draghi remains.”
26215	1	New York Times: Draghi's resignation is a potential catastrophe for Europe
26215	3	1 - The Strong Stamp Reactions to the Government Crisis, New York Times: “Italy in Chaos, the Exit of Draghi Colpo also for the EU”
26215	5	The Resignation of Draghi Fa
26215	7	“Dragons on the Horn of the Barrows.” The Italian Prime Minister said he was ready to stay. “It does not reach the goal.” The first hot reactions of the foreign press on the Italian government crisis are reduced. Many testers wait to understand the outcome of the day in the Senate until the end, but others already dedicate a wide space to it.
26215	9	According to the New York Times, the prime minister’s national unity government, which has “restored influence and credibility” to Italy, falls leaving the country launched towards a “new season of political chaos in a critical moment when the EU” seeks to stay united in front of Russia and rescue its economy.
26215	11	The Resignation of Political Dragons
26215	13	The report emphasizes that Draghi’s departure would be “a puzzling blow for Italy and Europe. The former ECB president who helped save the euro used his levatura for a short gold period for Italy after taking over the post of prime minister in 2021.
26215	15	The Italian Parliament, a wild and self-destructive animal, consumed on Wednesday its last lethal operation and liquidated the legislature by obliging Prime Minister Mario Draghi to resign. The violent event has many parents. But it was the parties of the right, Forza Italia and the League, who inflicted the blow of grace to the executive of which they were part.”
26215	17	First page of the country on the resignation of the dragons
26215	19	The Financial Times describes “Draghi on the corner of the bar, after the coalition allies withdrew their support.” Le Figaro tells the crisis by writing that “three parties of Mario Draghi’s government reject his trust.”
26215	21	“I am Forza Italia, the right party of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, the League, the extreme right formation of the populist tribune Matteo Salvini, and the populist formation Movement Five Stars.”
26215	23	For Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung “Draghi does not the goal of gaining confidence, likely resignations The Italian Prime Minister.” It is said that “the victory in a vote of confidence in the Senate and its government in Rome is therefore on the hole of failure.”
26215	25	The resignation of the dragons
26215	27	And then it is emphasized that “the Minister of Foreign Affairs Luigi di Maio, of the party Together for the Future, accused politicians of failing. “We’ve been playing with the future of Italy. The consequences of this tragic vote will remain in history.”
26215	29	“Mario Draghi risks the end because the Italian coalition refuses to support it.” And again: “Mario Draghi risks the end of his premiere, after he failed to get sufficient support from the right parties of his coalition to continue to lead the Italian government.”
26215	31	by Sergio Matterella Mario Draghi
26215	33	Finally, Le Monde describes the government of Draghi as “approaching the implosion after the defeats of three parties. After his resignation last week – it is added – the Italian Prime Minister had said he was ready to remain in his place if the coalition had succeeded in heating up. But Forza Italia, the League and the 5-star Movement have decided not to participate in the vote of confidence.”
26215	35	2 - From the White House to Brussels and Madrid the World Guard in Rome
26215	37	I think it’s a good thing to do.
26215	39	“Europe needs leaders like Draghi.” It is the title of the intervention published two days ago on the Politico site signed by Pedro Sanchez, the Spanish socialist prime minister. A gesture of friendship and also of courage because Madrid has exposed itself in first person. Sanchez wrote what most European capitals and EU institutions think.
26215	41	The release of Draghi Financial Times
26215	43	The Italian political vicissitudes are followed with attentive and even surprising, because Italy’s instability has fallen across the EU. The EU Commission spokesman Eric Mamer recalled what he said on the occasion of Draghi’s resignation on July 15: “President Ursula von der Leyen has repeatedly emphasized the close and constructive cooperation with President Mario Draghi.
26215	45	We look forward to continuing cooperation with Italian authorities on European priorities and policies.”
26215	47	Paul Gentiloni and Mario Draghi
26215	49	EU Commissioner for Economy Paolo Gentiloni tweeted: “The irresponsible ballet against Draghi can cause a perfect storm. Now is the time to want good for Italy: we are waiting for difficult months but we are a great country.”
26215	51	"While the head group of socialists in the European Parliament, Iratxe García Pérez pointed his finger against the populists and the Italian people: ""There is concern about the evolution of the government crisis in Italy - he tweeted -. The populists and the PPE are responsible for this situation.” The sea also looks at us."
26215	53	Law of May and Mario Draghi
26215	55	The White House reminds that “the Italian leadership under the leadership of Prime Minister Mario Draghi has been essential” in various dossiers, from the climate, to the support of NATO and Ukraine, to the promotion of “the common interests of the United States and Italy” in the Mediterranean.
26215	57	The international press followed the day. The French newspaper Le Figaro opened the site with the news “Italy: three parties in Mario Draghi’s government deny his trust.”
26215	59	Opening also for the Financial Times: “Drages on the hole of precipitation after coalition partners withdrew their support.” The article explains that “the prospect of prolonged uncertainty could disturb the financial markets, the EU and the European Central Bank.” The German Faz writes it on the homepage even though it’s not the main news: “Draghi mistakes the goal in the vote of confidence: likely resignations.”
26215	61	The reaction of Mario Draghi to Senate 2
26215	63	“The president of the Italian Council won the vote of trust in the Senate, but the parties to the government of Lega, Forza Italia and M5S did not take part in the vote. The Draghi government is now on the corner of collapse.” The New York Times focuses on “political chaos”: “Draghi’s government falls down, turbulent politics returns to Italy.”
26215	65	Draghi led by Italy has reduced credibility to our country in Europe and returned a leadership to Rome that has begun to be systematically involved in important decisions to be made, not always concealed when the interests between the EU were in conflict but interrogated and heard.
26215	67	by Mario Draghi Ursula von der Leyen
26215	69	Now the perspective changes. The trust we and which is the basis of the success of Next Generation Eu, has been eroded by the Italian political class. We will again be special supervised in the eyes of the Commission, the Nordic and the markets. After the summer will begin the debate on the Stability Pact reform and convincing the falks will be more difficult.
26215	71	Mario Draghi to the Senate Mario Draghi comes out of the Senate Mario Draghi in the Senate the replica of Mario Draghi to the Senate Mario Draghi Mario Draghi. This is one of the most important aspects of the world’s economy, and it’s the most important part of the world’s economy. In this case, it is necessary to ensure that there is an adequate level of compliance with the requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Parliament and of the Council.
26216	1	Sgarbi: “Draghi must go out of the scene now, if it remains it will be logorated and will be forgotten as Mountains”
26216	3	Draghi is good to go now, if he remains he will destroy himself. “The majority remains very strong, there is trust in the government. But the resignations respond to a personal aspect, that of Draghi’s fate. He knows that if he comes out now he remains in history.” It is not the only way to get a lot of money, but it is not the only way to get a lot of money, it is the only way to get a lot of money.
26216	5	Sgarbi: Draghi must leave the scene now
26216	7	The ex-Governor of the ECB must go to the end. “He ends his way with a trauma. But with the perspective of what he could do, if they had not prevented him. If, instead, it goes on for another 6-8 months, it succeeds. In the meantime, it’s important to note that it’s a good idea for you to be able to do it. And it would come out in March, or in May next, like Mario Monti, which has been completely forgotten.”
26216	9	The executive was born as an electoral government.
26216	11	Sgarbi displays the narrative of superMario, the titan, the savior of the Fatherland. This government – critic Sgarbi observes – was born as an electoral executive: I have all together, to be elected President of the Republic. Then it went differently. The art critic doesn’t like this executive, it’s not a mystery. Just save Draghi “as a person.” Just look at the figures to understand that the therapeutic accumulation on the government does not work. It has passed from 75 to 50% of consensus. They fall more and more.”
26216	13	In addition, it is important to ensure that you have the right to use this product in order to ensure that you have the right to use this product. This is the coronation of May to the outside. That now is the true custodian of the grilled Orthodoxy for Sgarbi. “The 5 stars are from May, the ones that are outside are the coils of Conte.” May is on a constant rise. “From Napoleon’s evil, unnecessary boy, fanatic grilling without art or part, he had a conversion on the way of Damascus: from Saul he became Paul. He felt like St. Matthew when he was called by Jesus. He met a true leader. He went to the government as the Minister of Foreign Affairs and, since then, has changed his life. He became another man.”
26216	15	The Day of Truth in Parliament
26216	17	It is difficult to say what will happen on Wednesday, what will prevail in the choice of Draghi, the turtle. Personal ambitions or political opportunities? “If you think you have to save the country, maybe it remains. If he thinks to save his ass, he leaves others in the shit, taking advantage of Conte's stupidity. Conte unconsciously offered him an assist, because he is a cretinous.” At the end, it is Sgarbi’s forecast, “they will be psychically rejected by the foreign secretaries, by the pressures of Ursula von der Leyen, Joe Biden, Vatican, Sergio Mattarella. There is only pride: if I go now, Draghi remains; if I go in six months, I become like the mountains, forgotten and ignored.”
26217	1	The Government. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26217	3	Thousands of mayors write to Draghi for him to stay in his place. The markets tremble. The newspapers aligned with power (in primis, the Triade Corriere-Republic-Print) wrap their clothes. Brussels is in panic. The message is that without Super-Mary there will be the apocalypse. The recovery money will not come, Italy will collapse, the spread will go to the stars, inflation will fall, Putin will win the war, public debt will be devastating and we will no longer have energy to live.
26217	5	But to these mainstream priests we can calmly say that the money of the Recovery is not already coming, the spread is already at the stars, the inflation is already galoppa, Putin is winning the war, the public debt is devastating and the next autumn will be without energy, thanks to the sanctions, with the complicity of an Italy who had to recite the part of the first class, from the vaccine campaign to the Atlantic philosophy-Usa, old way.
26217	7	And all this thanks to the government of the best.
26217	9	On Wednesday, when Draghi will report in parliament, we will know which death will die, or if it will rise like the Arab Fenice. Now the signals are for a scene out. Surprises will not be missing.
26217	11	The problem is that, from him, to the parties that support him, they corally have the same requirement: win to not lose the face.
26217	13	Draghi must win: it has been seen that as a bankier he has no much confusion with vision and democracy. In fact, since its settlement, it has commissariated by systematically bypassing the parliament, to every important and strategic choice. It conceives the representation as a corporate board. The only fact that Conte has challenged him is unimaginable for him. Even because, it risks to compromise its designs: Quirinale, IMF, World Bank, the United Nations or NATO.
26217	15	Ergo, he has two possibilities: either he resigns angry, not to be rejected by the parties now in the electoral campaign, to avoid the cracks of grills that now feel that they have become protagonists, the cracks of Salvini that without the Movement, would enjoy the effects of a government moved to the right; or he emphasizes an appeal to responsibility, accompanied by blasphemy addressed to the Italians and to the political class, to reconstruct a new majority worthy of note.
26217	17	The head of state, too, must win: he orchestrated in first person the advent of Draghi and does not want to dissolve the Chambers. The word stability sees it as permanent continuity. and a mantra.
26217	19	Conte is not less. If the Prime Minister resigned, he was revenge. If you don’t give up, you can play the communication that the Movement has returned alive and protagonist, making it believed that Draghi has understood the lesson, having accepted the programming points desired by the 5 Stars. And above all, it will have prevented a further intestinal war between the supporters of the exit from the Chigi Palace and the poltronists, who leave not want to know (with Di Maio who awaits them at the same time).
26217	21	Salvini must go out of history. If Draghi falls, he will say that he has so far gotten things (for example, the cannabis and ius scholae), if he doesn’t fall, he will recover the bowl within the majority, given the struggle that will actually continue in the future between Conte and Draghi. This is a great way for your election campaign.
26217	23	The Pd gongola, has no problems: both in one case and in the other will make the figure of the party serious, credible, institutional, all with governability in an extremely delicate historical moment.
26217	25	The Meloni will still earn percentage points, to be at least clear in a world of double-players. A position, its own, of solitary, coherent opposition: the vote, the word to the Italians.
26217	27	On Wednesday we’ll see if we want to win or lose well.
26218	1	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26218	3	Rome, 18 lug – Sudden cascade changes, new alliances, internal divisions, loyal swears, infused statements. There are less than 48 hours to the Draghi day, which is to the possible Draghi bis, that is, the day when the prime minister will gently tell us if he will stay in his place or confirm that he wants to go, but in the meantime the classic theater of Italian politics is in action. A scenario worthy of the worst South American telenovelas, with Series C actors taken by black and white photographers. At least, however, Latin American television series genres regain appreciations among the households, in this case there is no Italian who is happy to survive this embarrassing pantomima.
26218	5	For the Draghi bis, here is the parliamentary fantasy
26218	7	For we are to the parliamentary fancy, to the campaign of purchases among political forces intending to remove the spectrum of real competition, while saving the seat for a few months. And then you go to sound of curtains, acts to boat some unlikely subject that flies as a stamp for the Draghi bis. The whole with the exact goal of definitively destroying what remains from the derelites of the Five Stars and then reviving into a shell to a colourless coalition. Draghi commands color.
26218	9	It is a good news, but it is only unfortunate that the majority competitors have also lost any distinctive of credibility. They all supported his majesty Draghi, condemning him and burning him to the thresholds of the election campaign. This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money and you’re going to get a lot of money. Repair cyclopic figures.
26218	11	No force that constitutes the current executive is immaculate, no one can be really coherent, no one is seriously appreciated by Italian citizens. They all run out in the absence of rivals at the height of the situation, arriving to re-evaluate even the former most targeted opponent. We are all there to stretch red roofs to Giggino Di Maio, until a few weeks ago derubricated to inadequate beef and today elevated to statistics of absolute thickness. From broccoli to fooriclass, the time of a bright blitz and a shopping campaign in the grill house.
26218	13	And so everything could happen, as much as it is increasingly likely Draghi’s stay in the absence of an alternative commissary sufficiently “preciated” by the international gotha. And they tell us that returning to the urns is impossible through the Pnrr, the markets, the finances, the EU, the alien and the bullets. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
2622	1	The Covid is the Point of the Iceberg.
2622	3	Covid was just the beginning. Climate change could lead to 15,000 new viruses by 2070. The scenario is published in the journal Nature, a result of the research coordinated by biologist Colin Carlson of the American Georgetown University.
2622	5	From puppets to many other species of mammals, to birds. There are many species known to be viral carriers and that, on the push of climate change, could push themselves to occupy areas different from those in which they normally live. This could lead to the fact that the viruses of these animals can in this way get in touch with us through what is called the “ship of species”. It is the virus that moves until it can attack a new species, in a domino effect that could reach man. What would have happened to Covid to understand us.
2622	7	The problem is climate change and the increase in temperature. With only two degrees from the current temperature, 15,000 new viruses could emerge by 2070. There are currently 10,000 in circulation. It’s much closer than you imagine, therefore, the link between climate change and the appearance of viruses that could carry diseases you’ve ever seen.
2622	9	The climate, the research authors find, has the potential to become a training force in viral transmission between different species. This could increase the risk of transmission of infectious diseases to humans, in a vision in line with the so-called One Health, the approach that connects animal health with that of humans and the environment.
2622	11	In addition to infectious diseases for humans, future viruses may be a threat to animal health. They can cause harmful epidemics for farms. The research was based on the analysis of how the geographical areas currently populated by 3,870 species of mammals could change in relation to several scenarios from here to 2070.
2622	13	Applying a pattern on the transmission of viruses between species to a subset of 3,139 animals, the researchers elaborated the forecast on future opportunities for the exchange of viruses between species. Events of such biological mixture are possible everywhere in the world, but are concentrated in areas densely populated by humans, such as tropical Africa and Southeast Asia.
2622	15	Again, the research authors note, the “protagonists” of these contaminations might be the pipistrels, which constitute the natural reservoir of viruses potentially capable of becoming transmitted to humans. Preventing the spread of new viruses requires capillary surveillance of areas where different species may live together.
2622	17	For research authors it is important to push from now on to understand how important it is to combine virological surveillance with the assessment of changes in the new areas occupied by species due to climate change. This is true in tropical regions, where most infectious diseases can be transmitted from animals to humans.
26220	1	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. At 9:30 am in the Senate
26220	3	Rome, 20 lug – “Draghi remains” is the most popular slogan of the last days. The Deputy Council President, yes but no, Deputy but rejected, out of play but also a little inside, is the strange “martire” of this curious – not to say comic – government crisis.
26220	5	The “Draghi Rest” of the Mayor
26220	7	According to the latest reports monitored yesterday evening, signed for signature, and published on the Ansa, the mayor who scream desperate “Draghi remains” missing to talk about a kind of divinity, they approach the number of 2 thousand: 1.861 to be accurate. In the meantime, it’s important to note that it’s a good idea for you to be able to do this. “Our citizens, called every day to the difficult management and resolution of the problems that afflict our citizens, we ask Mario Draghi to go ahead and explain to the Parliament the good reasons that require to continue the government action. In the same way, we strongly ask all the political forces present in Parliament who have given life to the majority of this last year and a half to think about the common good and to advance the country’s interest in its internal problems.” Now more than ever we need stability.
26220	9	At 9:30 a.m. the debate in the Senate
26220	11	Draghi remains, but maybe he speaks too. Talk again. And so in the Senate there will be the famous “Day of Truth” (as it has been defined by many parts). The Senate will open the work at 9:30 p.m. The President of the Council will do his own and will listen to the answers of the Senators. It is usually a protocol. Someone calls it “confidence in the dark.” Everything still seems ridiculous to us. But, as you can say, the morning has gold in your mouth. In this case, the expression can only have an ironic acceptance.
26221	1	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. Concerto of Lega and Forza
26221	3	A hour of face-to-face at Palazzo Chigi that had in the morning by Enrico Letta with Mario Draghi. A meeting, stated sources of Palazzo Chigi, took place at the request of the secretary dem. But an irrational meeting that irritated not little the other government partners, Silvio Berlusconi and Matteo Salvini. Meet them around in Rome in Villa Grande with Maurizio Lupi (We with Italy) and Lorenzo Cesa (Udc).
26221	5	The breakthrough of the League and Force Italy
26221	7	The central right-wing government expressed “concerto because President Mario Draghi received the secretary of the Pd and not the leaders of the other majority parties, after, by the other hand, a political check was requested.” It is a political scarcity that in fact acknowledges the PD as the only interlocutor of the government in crisis. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26221	9	The Pd: Working for the Draghi bis
26221	11	There are many different types of cookies that can be used for the purposes of our website. It is difficult, however, that the secretary of the PD has not repeated to the prime minister the line that the dem are holding on the crisis: “We continue to work for 5 days on this side with the same intention, to ensure that this government can go ahead. We’re working for this and we’re going to continue in the next few hours,” said Pd Senators’ President Simona Malpezzi at Agorà just as Letta saw Draghi.
26221	13	The Irony of Giorgia Meloni
26221	15	In the mid-right the bad mood is to the stars: the prime minister cannot manage such a complex crisis – internal sources say – “confronting only the broad field of Pd and 5Stelle, most reasonably after a crisis caused by Giuseppe Conte’s strike and the provocations of the Democratic Party.”
26221	17	It is the most important thing that we have to do when we are going to get a lot of money, and we are going to get a lot of money. And, again, the FdI leader commented: “To hear the press it seems that really all Italy is asking Draghi to stay, as if this government was really in the heart of all Italians. But then the same press always warns that if we go to vote it would extinguish who is at the opposition of Draghi and his government. The typical cognitive dissonance of the left.”
26222	1	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26222	3	“We are in a surreal situation, we had to deal with the real problems of the country, thinking of families and, but we are in the middle of a government crisis. The majority of citizens know who is responsible for this crisis, they have a name and surname: it is Giuseppe Conte.” It is all against Conte the requisitory of Luigi Di Maio who gathered the parliamentary influenza of Insieme for the future.
26222	5	“We say the truth – insists Di Maio – the party of Conte has already decided not to vote for trust in the government of Draghi. Conte is beting on the early vote, but it would be a further collapse in the polls.”
26222	7	So he defended Draghi who from his point of view would also make too many concessions to the 5 Stars: “Draghi gave some guarantees. In the Mef, a table on the superbonus was opened; guarantees on the minimum wage were given by starting a path with the social parties; guarantees were also given on the tax cushion. I think therefore that the party of Conte is only looking for excuses by steering flags.”
26222	9	“I’m sorry – he added – for the hunting of the witches within the party of Conte against our former colleagues. We know what it is, they have already done it with us. We encourage them to go to the bottom, to be on the right side of history, on the side of the country. The party of Conte is becoming the picconator of the Draghi government.”
26222	11	“From Draghi’s resignation to this day – he concluded – there have been two striking political events. 1 of 1. The demonstrations and certificates of support to the Draghi government so that it can stay in office: more than 1,600 mayor, the civil society, entrepreneurs, the financial community and the international. The two. The head of the Chamber of the M5S group, today the party of Conte, expressed the willingness to vote for trust in the government of Draghi, beyond the will of the verticals.”
26222	13	Today’s newspapers have actually written abundantly about this iron arm between Conte and the head group at the House of David Crippa that is given out of the 5 Stars to the Pd. “We don’t know how many – writes The Daily – but it’s practically certain that there will be M5s parliamentarians who will vote for trust in Mario Draghi on Wednesday, first in the Senate and then in the House. The ballotler of the Palace sets the brick to thirty elected, almost all in Montecitorio, who are already ready to encourage a new division within the Movement. In the evening, the board says twenty Deputies and two Senators will vote for confidence. A spacecraft that has sharpened during the various river assemblies that are continuing these days. In the center of the games of the governors is the head group Davide Crippa, the protagonist of a series of white weapons confrontations both during the various sessions of the National Council and in the assembly. The goal could be to form a parliamentary group in Montecitorio, where the share of twenty members must be exceeded, while in the Senate the defences will be much less.”
26223	1	Super Mario is not Superman. Fitch: “It is an uncertain phase for Italy even though Draghi remains”
26223	3	Super Mario is not Superman. Fitch: “It is an uncertain phase for Italy even though Draghi remains”
26223	5	Surprise: Neither Mario Draghi walks on the waters. The scoop, as you might believe, is not of the Italian Century, but much more authorely of the rating agency Fitch. “Mario Draghi’s resignation as the President of the Council following a breakthrough in his government of national unity – it is said in a note – prevails to greater political uncertainty even if early elections were avoided.” The thesis, so far supported by a somewhat sibilian prose, finds explanation some lines later: “Whatever happens, Italy is intended to enter a political uncertain period after 18 months of relative stability and the implementation of some reforms.” Anything I understand?
26223	7	Fitch: “The parties will look for visibility”
26223	9	This includes the shift of a Draghi-bis or the continuation of the current government. It’s a good idea for you to be able to do it, but it’s a good idea for you to be able to do it. In this case, in fact, it is still read in the note, “we expect that the parties that support it will seek greater visibility with the approaching of the elections, increasing the tensions existing.” It means that even Draghi would not escape the law that wants the parties to launch themselves to the attack of diligence once the last round bell was sounded before the urns. So the leaders and the parties that intend to scan the urns in the name of financial stability lie knowing how to lie.
26223	11	Read also
26223	13	The President does no miracles.
26223	15	Draghi or not Draghi, in fact, that the government must swallow the bonds of the stock exchange in electoral times is a law as old as observed. It’s that of SuperMario, which is obviously not Superman, is no exception. It is not a case that for 2022 Fitch predicts a greater deficit than the government estimates: (5.9 percent against 5.6). The cause? Support for energy costs and increased interest expenditure on inflation-related securities. The same music in 2023: 4.5 per cent estimated by the agency, compared to 3.9 per cent fixed by the government. According to Fitch, “structural reforms and budget recovery” also risk becoming “more challenging” goals. The miracles, however, do not even succeed in Draghi. I just hope you don’t know about it.
26225	1	"Draghi at the G7 ""Putin must not win, united in supporting Ukraine"""
26225	3	ELMAU (GERMANY) (ITALPRESS) – “Putin must not win. We remain united to support Ukraine.” So Prime Minister Mario Draghi, as it is learned, during the G7 work session dedicated to the war in Ukraine. “We are united with Ukraine, because if Ukraine loses, all democracies forgive. If Ukraine loses, it will be harder to argue that democracy is an effective model of government,” he said. “The decision to give Ukraine the status of candidate for the EU is important for Ukraine but also for the European Union,” Draghi added. The European Union has profoundly changed its attitude towards neighbouring countries, its long-term strategy. This is a very important change. The Italians have welcomed the Ukrainians, their children. The government did its part, but the most important part was the local authorities, the families.” “We must continue to work on how to impose a roof on the price of gas,” he said. 
26226	1	"Ukraine, Zelensky ""Restructuring is the mission of the democratic world"" »"
26226	3	“The reconstruction of Ukraine is not a local project, but a common task, of the entire democratic world. Reconstruction of Ukraine means restoring the principles of life.” So the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky, in his opening intervention at the Lugano Conference. The reconstruction is not only “the restoration of the tissue of life, but also the development of institutions,” he adds. 
26228	1	Ukraine and security in Europe
26228	3	3 June 2022 Resolution of positions in Ukraine and security in Europe
26228	5	The agreements between Ukraine and Poland could lead to a “sweet annexation” of the country’s western territories in Warsaw. Poland is visibly – and predictively – trying to take advantage of the situation in Ukraine by trying to increase its political, economic and cultural influence in Western Ukraine.
26228	7	The soft annexation is already on a good point, that is, Polish citizens will be able to candidate for the Ukrainian elections and even candidate for the post of constitutional judges.
26228	9	This means that Kiev is completely transferring control of the failed Ukrainian state to Poland. Warsaw will not even need to send troops or shoot a single shot, at least not against the Western Ukrainians.
26228	11	However, Poland is a member of the NATO, a member in the most cold war sense of the term, that is, the potential enemy, there is only one, Russia, or rather, the former USSR. If, in its turn, Russia accepts that the eastern republics of Ukraine join the Russian Federation, and this is well – the referendum for the annexation of the Republic of Lugansk has already been announced, in Kherson, on the ruble has already pushed out of the grivna, the Ukrainian currency, in Zaporozhye the military bases will be transferred to Russia – this means a direct contact between NATO and Russia, a common border without a cousin state.
26228	13	To correctly measure what this can mean for security in Europe, we must remember that this direct contact between two powers is what happened in 1939 with the division of Poland between the Reich and the USSR. This direct contact was wanted and sought by both sides to allow an attack on each other.
26228	15	The Reich first attracted and drowned in the USSR, not because it was superior – it was attacking 30,000 Russian armed carriers with 4,000 tanks – but because this, the USSR, was it itself – also in a position of attack and not in a position of defense. If the USSR had first launched its attack, the destruction of the German forces in a few days was strictly inevitable and Germany had no strategic depth, the general winter and the natural resources of the USSR to recover health.
26228	17	It’s fun to read Hitler’s declaration of war to the USSR, he talks about a preventive war, but as we won’t want much to admit it, he himself was disappointed with what he had been right, at that point he did it. I don't think it's so good to say: it was simply stumbled in seeing, just crossed the Russian border, the extension of the Russian military power accumulated, in quantity and quality.
26228	19	Moreover, it seems that the Russians had the same unpleasant surprise in Ukraine, they also spoke at the beginning of a preventive war, without expecting to encounter such an accumulation of forces. But unlike June 1941, the Ukrainian forces were placed – not in offensive position – but in hostile defense position: not so much that it would not pass through an aggression, but enough to force the enemy to come and rise on their wings.
26228	21	We recognize here the typical way of fighting the Anglo-Saxon with a campaign in four stages:
26228	23	It always begins with a provoked Aggression, it is followed by a Siege, a very corrosive defense phase for the opponent, then comes the Repost, precisely, the Anglo-Saxon aggression planned from the beginning and without which the defense would have no sense and, finally, we get to Victory.
26228	25	If NATO decides to divide Ukraine, that means that after the phase of provoked aggression and asset in the Donbass (phase I and II of the plan), it is unable to immediately launch a response, much less a victorious response, a temporary break in hostilities would therefore be to consider on a new front: the Dnepr.
26228	27	We don’t see what interest Russia would have in getting into such a scenario, it must rather push its current technological advantage to inflict a good and right-form defeat to the NATO going to the western border of Ukraine: it must dissolve the aura of NATO’s hegemonic invincibility.
26228	29	It is likely that security in Europe will wait a while.
26228	31	The next step, put into service in September of Sarmat and S500: Sword and Shield.
26228	33	Illustration: The Iskander, play the role of the U-Boot to cut the enemy’s logistics lines towards the defensive island: the Donbass.
26229	1	Inflation is only the state. Thanks to the price growth, the error brinds.
26229	3	The inflation burns on Italian families and, but makes the tax smiles. It says an analysis by Unimpres, according to which the flame of prices has provided the state cash more than 10 billion euros of additional throw in the first five months of 2022, with an increase of 19.8%. From January to May, the income relating to the IVA, which reached 8% and travels towards 10%, reached a share of 61.6 billion, an increase of 10.2 compared to the first five months of 2021.
26229	5	Much more contained the increase in Irpef, which experienced a positive variation of 2.3%, with a growth of 2 billion to a share of 81.5 billion. According to Unimpresa, the total tax decrease in the first five months of 2022 has risen by 18.5 billion (to 188.6 billion): more than half of the additional tax yield is therefore due to an increase in income related to the IVA: +10.2 billion.
26229	7	This is due to the tremendous price rise, which resulted in the drop of value added tax from 51.4 billion to 61.6 billion. More in detail, of the 10.2 billion additional IVA 6.9 billion is for domestic consumption and trade (+15.1%) while 3.3 billion is for the highest import tax (+59.9%).
26229	9	The state earns more also thanks to the increase in energy products, and in particular gas, with prices rapidly rising due to the war between Russia and Ukraine: the methane tax revenues have risen from 453 million (+35.7%) to 1.7 billion. The entire energy sector, in general, has suffered a price increase: the tax on energy products has grown by 130 million (+1.7%), the tax and the tax on incondensable gas has grown by 20 million (+9.5%), and the tax on electricity and its additional energy has grown by 220 million (+20.9%). and
26233	1	It is the first time that we have been able to do this, and it is the first time that we have been able to do this.
26233	3	“The conditions of the hotspot in Lampedusa are shameful, with out-of-the-country people overwhelmed and forced to sleep over their foci and urines – says the provincial commissary of Fratelli d’Italia, Calogero Pisano – a crushing situation that periodically repeats every year within the structure of Contrada Imbriacola, especially during the summer period.
26233	5	The Mayor of Lampedusa, Filippo Mannino, and the President of the Sicilian Region, Nello Musumeci, have called for an immediate government intervention, a request to which some other political representatives have joined, awakened from the long torpedo for the approaching of the elections.
26233	7	The Minister of the Interior, Luciana Lamorgese, has arranged the ships of the Military Navy, to be used as sea taxi, to overload the immigrants present in the hotspot of the small island in the reception centers of neighboring Sicily.
26233	9	A tampon measure – concludes Pisano – that would only temporarily solve the lampedusano problem and that would not stop the wave of clandestine migration and human trafficking, as it would, instead, do the naval blockade long requested by Fratelli d’Italia, the only party that has always opposed the immigrant anger of the government and irregular immigration.”
26233	11	It is the first time that we have been able to do this, and it is the first time that we have been able to do this.
26233	13	“The conditions of the hotspot in Lampedusa are shameful, with out-of-the-country people overwhelmed and forced to sleep over their foci and urines – says the provincial commissary of Fratelli d’Italia, Calogero Pisano – a crushing situation that periodically repeats every year within the structure of Contrada Imbriacola, especially during the summer period.
26234	1	It is the one who is the man who has the man who has brought out, from the prosecutor’s perugia, cards covered by secret and
26234	3	Jacob Amadori for “The Truth”
26234	5	As a ghost, in Perugia, three years away from the Palamara Gate, the manna is recovered that throws from the Procura shade secretly covered cards and always delivers them to the same newspapers to bomb the former president of the Anm, but not only. In 2019, on some newspapers, Corriere della Sera and Republic in the head, successful interceptions appeared at that time on a trip from Peru to the Csm.
26234	7	This is the only way to get rid of it.
26234	9	No one discovered (or wanted to discover) the author. But with this last flight of photocopy news, the mariuol, like any serial criminal, might have left a decisive footprint on the crime scene. In this case, he put in circulation the request for storage for the facts related to the loggia Hungary and described in the pm by faccendier Piero Amara. In those 167 pages were quoted things still covered secretly.
26234	11	It included some testimonial statements not yet contested to Luca Palamara and ready to be deposited in the corruption trial already ongoing in Perugia.
26234	13	The prosecutor Raffaele Cantone has announced a neighborhood-free war to what he has already counted without turns of words as “a traitor”, as well as guilty of “a porcade”.
26234	15	For the Toga it is a “inheard gravity” that can be compared to the disclosure of the Amara verbal. The request for storage, as specified in a statement released yesterday, was not yet sent to neither the Prosecutor General of Milan, neither the Cassation, nor the judicial police. The Gico of the Financial Guard, who had requested a copy of the measure, would also remain in empty hands. “In your interest, you’ll have it when everyone has it,” he would have explained to the military. “It’s a very serious fact,” the prosecutor told the agencies. “We will do everything we can to find out where it comes from.”
26234	17	Raffaele Cantone, President of the Court
26234	19	As other investigations on secret revelations show, in these cases, will is power.
26234	21	On Saturday morning, after reading an article on the Daily Fact that contained several virgoletts of the request, Cantone immediately opened a model 45 file (without any hypothesis of crime, nor investigated) which, however, from this morning became a model 44 for secret disclosure.
26234	23	It is also because yesterday came out two photocopies on Corriere della Sera and the Republic that referred to the new accusations of corruption and instigation against Palamara that made Canton imagine that someone had gone to fishing just that chapel in the 167 pages of the request and then delivered it to the chronists. In short, a security officer with a precise target, the same as he hit in 2019.
26234	25	The prosecutor is waiting for the next publications in the newspapers and a few false steps of the talp. Investigators exclude that the request may be issued from the gip office, but they notice that the body document for four or five days was subject to photocopies in the chancellor's offices and passes from one room to another. This is why the PMs are trying to figure out if, during these operations, the cards can be disguised illegally to end in the hands of some investigator and then in the computers of journalists.
26234	27	LUCA PALAMARA in Rome
26234	29	"With some close collaborators Cantone categorically excluded the possible involvement in the news flight of the replacement prosecutors who affianced him, Gemma Miliani and Mario Formisano. The Naples judge is ready to put his hand on the fire on the loyalty of his two diocurs, which he claims to trust almost more than himself. “If they were, the disappointment would be huge, the greatest of my life. A real act of betrayal,"" he commented with the tone of those who believe they are facing an irreality hypothesis. And then?"
26234	31	At this point, the main indicators seem to be the judicial police operators who have constant relations with the chancellors and it is at that level that the investigators are looking for the fault.
26234	33	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, and it’s a good thing to do.
26234	35	On the other hand, it is important to note that there are many different types of cookies that can be used for the purposes of our website, including our website and our website. These are the (even) statements Amara has issued against the former PM, in this case within the framework of a proceedings for incitement to corruption.
26234	37	The Syracuse lawyer that, in 2015, while he was on board an airplane with Palamara, he would receive from the latter, at the time he was CSM’s adviser, a alleged request of €30,000, to adjust a disciplinary proceedings concerning former PM Antonio Musco. A charges that even in this case Palamara considers without any response and easily controversial, cards at hand. It is the same thing that you are doing with the lawyers.
26234	39	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
26234	41	“Palamara, unfortunately, has a strain. He did very well to denounce,” he commented with his collaborators Cantone. For once, the former president of the Anm and his great accusator were from the same part of the camp. As in the time they played in the National Judges. In fact, in Procura they believe that this flight of news damages “in a very significant way” the investigations, even because “the Palamara case is just a piece of the request for storage.” But obviously someone is only interested in that.
26235	1	by Matthew Salvini Mario Draghi
26235	3	1 - Government: Legally, we will not vote drug and easy citizenship
26235	5	"(ANSA) - ""We have voted trust and we will vote for the DL aid for an absolute emergency government treaty and for its measures. But I also say that we will not vote for you. We will not vote for the easy drug, the easy citizenship, the easy immigration and landing, the return to the easy supply or the catastrophe reform to market values. We will be responsible for economic issues and aid, but enough demagogy we will not make discounts.”"
26235	7	Therefore, the deputy of the League Massimo Bitonci, head group in the budget committee and responsible for the party’s Productive Activities department, concluded the vote declaration in the House of Representatives on the aid.
26235	9	"2 - The Suspects of Salvini by the 2023 vote ""Work to Another Technical Government"""
26235	11	Emanuele Lauria for “The Republic”
26235	13	It was not enough for the 5Stelle’s cahier de doléances, here is Matteo Salvini’s list of priorities. A spin after the other, for Mario Draghi, who continues his navigation with the weight of the insufficiency of the former Gialloverdi. That all of this can cause a crisis, we are in few to believe it. But, of course, while the final moves of the Giuseppe Conte Movement are awaiting on the Help, the Leader of the League decides to raise the post.
26235	15	And he asks the government first for tax peace: “There are 15 million Italians – said the secretary in an interview with the Qn – who between pandemic and crisis have failed to honor the debt with the state. They have to go back.”
26235	17	by Matthew Salvini, Giorgetti
26235	19	But the list of legal demands is long: “At the end of the year – continues Salvini – we have to overcome the striking Law of Fornero with Quota 41, then forward all with the equal compensation for the free professionals, and with the regional autonomy, for which only the free path of Draghi is missing. And, given the crisis, I think there is no sense for liberal measures such as the limit of cash spending and the obligation to use bankomat or credit card.”
26235	21	It’s a good thing, the one of Salvini. We are ready to give a battle, as announced for days, to the measures on ius scholae to cannabis: with a crowded calendar, these measures could land in the Chamber on Wednesday evening or Thursday morning, the League is in any case ready for plato initiatives in the classroom. In this case, in the midst of the party of Via Bellerio there are the Yellow-Rossi, who are sponsors of these rules, but it does not lack the perplexity on the fact that Draghi has not intervened to make them put away that crack the majority.
26235	23	Salvini says that “in the party there is a growing disappointment for the behavior of the left to the government and for some delays of the executive.”
26235	25	"But it is in the evening, at the party of the League of Adro (Britain), that the Milan senator launches his j'accuse: ""There are only 240 days to the vote that will see the mid-right and the League win. They will try to stop us in all ways: with a new electoral law, trying to postpone the elections, working for a new technical government. But we will do it. And among the first things we will do will be the reform of justice.”"
26235	27	DURIGON and SALVINI at the Encounter with Draghi on Pension
26235	29	"This is the only way to get rid of the tones, both not to leave media space to the only Conte or to plaque some internal illusions after the failure of the administratives, with the overcome of Fdi in most of the communes. A group of militants from the old North League, the party founded by Bossi and relocated by Salvini to the role of bad company, started a battle to ""congle"" the Carroccio and return it a political function. Using it as a tool for a return to the original line of the lumbards (word of order: autonomy) and relancing it even in electoral competitions."
26235	31	"It all passes through a closer goal now: the celebration of a congress. The former deputy Gianluca Pini has filed an emergency appeal to the court of Milan for the convocation of the assembly, where they could make noise (and count) not only orthodox and nostalgic of the ""Northern Council"", but the internal opponents who challenge Salvini the last bad election results. The Northern League Commissioner, Igor Iezzi, on Saturday appointed a federal council that scheduled the congress at the second point of the agenda."
26235	33	Matthew Salvini after his meeting with Mario Draghi
26237	1	Rome: Immigrants occupy the tomb of Fifth Sulpicio Massimo
26237	3	Rome, 11 lug – In the capital, the scenes of ordinary madness and degradation never end, especially if these concern the metropolitan jungle populated by immigrants. In collaboration with the Sovereignty of Rome, the carabinieri destroyed a group of Somali immigrants who had occupied the tomb of Five Sulpicio Massimo, near the Piazza Fiume.
26237	5	The funeral
26237	7	The Fifth Sulpicio Massimo is the oldest tomb of the Sillana era. A structure consisting of a rectangular cell, built in large blocks of pepper, with cornets and lesens in calcare and subbase of ardeia. On the right of the tomb is placed the second monument composed of a travertine cage and a marble chip. In the interior of the building is represented in altarilevo a kid who holds in his hand a roll on which a carm is inserted.
26237	9	The Fifth Supplement
26237	11	As remembered by two long inscriptions in Latin and Greek, the tomb was built by Fifth Eugene and by Licinia Januaryia in memory of the children who died at just 11 years old. Fifth Sulpicio Massimo was a miraculous child who, in 94 AD, had participated in the Third Agon Capitolino, an extemporary contest of Greek poetry. It is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money.
26237	13	Abuse of Bivacco
26237	15	At the arrival of the agents on the tomb of Quinto Sulpicio Massimo, they found six Somali immigrants, one of whom was irregular on Italian territory, who lived in the ancient monument. When the residence was scattered, the six foreigners then exploited the jails offered from the poet's tomb for insediation in an abusive camp.
26237	17	They disappear
26237	19	The collapse of the tomb of Fifth Sulpicio Massimo took place through the forces of the order and, subsequently, the archaeological site was repelled by moisture and excretions to be returned safely. The six immigrants have been denounced with the accusation of invasion of land or buildings and, probably, if they will get it with nothing of fact. The unvisaged immigrant instead of the regular residence permit was accompanied to the immigration office for various formalities. Despite the provincial command of the carabinieri is concerned to counter the multitude of situations of degradation, abuse rivered in the historic areas of the capital, the situation does not accene to improve.
26237	21	The Immigration Decadence
26237	23	But that of the occupation of the tomb of Fifth Sulpicio Massimo is only the last of a long series of shameful facts. From ancient tombs to sacraries to the falls of the First World War, and beyond, national historical monuments too often become fortunate houses for unhappy people who walk in Italian cities. Thousands of immigrants travelled to Italy and abandoned to a life of misery or crime, degradation and violence.
26237	25	The Maldives against the Marble
26237	27	Except for those who are recruited by organized crime, Italian or foreign, in the last decade there are very few immigrants who succeed here in rebuilding a new life adapted to the host society. Most of them find it easier to live by exploiting the Church’s assistance system, cooperatives and associations connected to the immigrant left universe. Our funds, taxes and savings put in the hands of anyone, Italian or foreign, has no respect for our monuments that, instead, should represent the bones of a nation and its own spine.
26238	1	With Israel, Russian patience has reached its limits.
26238	3	July 11, 2022 With Israel, Russian patience has reached its limits
26238	5	Faced with Israel’s double and standard double, Putin is losing patience.
26238	7	The news that the Russian government has ordered the Jewish Agency to cease operations throughout the country, for the first time in three decades, is not surprising, given the growing tensions in the Israeli-Russian relations.
26238	9	The move indicates that President Vladimir Putin is tired and is exhausting patience with the Israeli policy of eating from all the shelves at the same time during the Ukrainian crisis.
26238	11	This is not a voice, a speculation, or even a pio desire. It is the beginning of a fundamental change in the Russian policy, mentioned by the Minister of Immigration Pnina Tamano and as by several Israeli newspapers, including the Jerusalem Post, according to which the decision could “minimize the ability of Russian Jews to immigrate to Israel.
26238	13	This crisis takes place in the context of three major developments:
26238	15	First: Yair Lapid is now Prime Minister of Israel, following Naftali Bennett; as Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lapid has condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine from the first day and invited the [Israeli] government to engage with the United States, to join the Western sanctions against Moscow and, above all, to supply weapons to Ukraine, especially with the Iron Dome system, batteries and drones.
26238	17	Second: hundreds of Israeli military reservoirs and intelligence agents have offered themselves “voluntary” to fight as mercenaries in Ukrainian militias under President Volodymyr Zelensky – who claims he wants to make Ukraine a “second Israel.”
26238	19	Third: the escalation of Israeli attacks on Syria, in particular the June 20 attacks on the international airport in Damascus that led to its closure for two weeks; this urged Putin to ask his Foreign Ministry to submit a very strong resolution booth to the United Nations Security Council as a sign of protest.
26238	21	The capture by Russian forces of Israeli mercenaries fighting alongside Ukrainian troops in the Donbass region could have changed the situation. It has highlighted the duality and the illegal role of Israel in the transfer or assistance to the transfer of weapons systems, drones and military and intelligence personnel in the country.
26238	23	Much of the Israeli media demonizes Russia and Putin, comparing it to Hitler and Nerone, and accusing it – without irony – of committing war crimes that must not remain impunity.
26238	25	We cannot say to what extent this conflict will develop. But it would not be surprising if this intensified before the U.S. President Joe Biden's Middle East tour that will start in occupied Jerusalem on July 13.
26238	27	Israel is asking to strike the lake to Iran and to form an Arab NATO led by Israel to prepare to attack that country. Biden could ask in return that his Israeli guests take a clearer position and deal with the United States and the West on Ukraine.
26238	29	The policy of Israel to play by both sides pretending neutrality is becoming unstable. Suspending the Jewish Agency’s operations in Russia, Putin showed a red poster. The worst [for Israel] could still come.
26239	1	+30% landing: Islamic bombs on Italian beaches
26239	3	And that it is an army of scrocks seeking citizenship income and subsidies, it is clear.
26239	5	This is confirmed by the Viminal numbers. Last year, Afghan landings represented an unforgettable percentage, this year they increased but nothing dramatic, from 1 January to today there are already 3,291 citizens from the Islamic State landed in Italy, which is slightly more than 11% of the total.
26239	7	They are Bengalese representing the most present nationality among the clandestines arrived, with at least 5.033 citizens landed, equivalent to 16%. They follow Egyptians and Tunisians with respectively 4,967 and 4,308 migrants arrived. The latter follows largely the Tunisian and Libyan route of immigration, while the Afghans, in turn, rise from Turkey, sent by Draghi’s ally, Erdogan.
26239	9	And the invaders all have one thing in common: they are young Muslim men. An invasive army that would be rejected. with the weapons. Instead of being welcomed by former soldiers in heat.
2624	1	It is an alarm on our young people: after having brought them back with the Covid, the war propaganda of the regime media has given them the blow of grace: they are destroying whole generations.
2624	3	The survey of 5,000 Italian students carried out by the Adolescence Laboratory and the Iard Institute: among the reasons of anxiety also the economic impacts, but not the arrival of refugees.
2624	5	The war in Ukraine scares the boys, who already had their fears related to the pandemic. Eight out of ten between the ages of 13 and 19 fear Italy’s involvement in the conflict or even the outbreak of the Third World War, but among the reasons of anxiety there are also the economic impacts that we may have. They are not worried about the arrival of tens of thousands of refugees from war zones to Italy and have great empathy for the suffering of the Ukrainian people. The answers are referred to the national survey on the lifestyle of teenagers living in Italy conducted annually by the Milan Association “Laboratorio Adolescenza” and the Research Institute IARD. The survey is normally conducted on a national sample of 3,500 students aged between 13 and 19 years, but this year the sample was 5,000 students.
2624	7	So, so much fear and suffering for the strikes of civilians in Bucha and in other centers around Kiev. But this is not enough to relieve the panic for the risks announced in more ripres of a Third World War, as well as the horror for the involvement of civilians in the war, The attempt to occupy one state by another state. “The detection for this annual research ends on May 30, but considering the number achieved and, above all, the stability of the data – explains Carlo Buzzi, sociologist at the University of Trento and scientific director of the work – we have believed that we can already make some anticipations.”
2624	9	The investigation began a few days after the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, so it was possible to ask some questions aimed at understanding whether and how certain aspects related to the war could create alarms and concerns among teenagers.
2624	11	The fear that Italy will enter war is three out of four, while eight out of ten boys are afraid of a third world war. Then there are economic concerns, eight out of ten know that in family you have to save because the costs increase. Only 13 percent say they are very concerned about the arrival of the refugees, in fact the majority – one in two of the 5,000 children interviewed – is rather impressed by the pain of the people attacked by the Russians, a pain that is perceived by looking at the images of the bombings and the devastations that followed.
2624	13	“The concern of adolescents is very high, in all aspects considered, with percentages that are generally between 80 and 90%. The humanitarian aspects (the suffering of the Ukrainian people and the involvement of civilians in the war) are – along with the fear of economic impacts that we might have from the war – the areas to which the concern is greater.
2624	15	It is interesting to observe – but it is linked with the emotional involvement towards the suffering of the Ukrainian people – that the absolute majority does not consider worrying even the possible numerous arrival of refugees from the war zones. The level of concern depends on the age (increased by the age) but, above all, the gender. Girls are averagely more concerned than men (the only exception is the predictable flow of refugees in Italy) and even among those who say they’re “occupied/or” the degree of concern is greater among girls.”
2624	17	“A further aspect discussed in the survey concerned the overall vision of the future (and therefore not specifically referred to the war) by teenagers. The absolute majority has a generally negative view (occupied or uncertain). Only 11% of girls and 18% of men call themselves optimists. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
2624	19	“The picture that emerges is nothing more than comforting – emphasizes Maurizio Tucci, chairman of Adolescence Laboratory – It is unusual, even unnatural, to see teenagers looking to the future without dreams and hopes, even utopian, but making fear and concerns prevail. Certainly the two years of pandemic passed, without even the absolute certainty that they were finally out, have greatly influenced their overall serenity and this has been added to the anguish of the war that has worsened the situation.”
26240	3	In 2021, 32% of the pensioners
26240	5	This is the result of the annual Inps report in which it is stated that the data considers the increased loads of the minimum contributions associated with the benefits, of various forms of compensation. However, it is 40% of those with less than 12,000 euros a year, if only the amounts of benefits are considered at the expense of personal income tax.
26240	7	This means, that a clandestine landing takes over 70% of the retirees. It is enough to multiply the 35 euros per day of adults for a month. And we don’t talk about minors, who can get to cost 140 euros a day.
26240	9	In sum, the state allocates to an invader at least 35 euros a day in housing and housing, thus 1,100 euros a month. While most Italian elderly have to eat, pay the rental and bills with less than 1,000 euros a month. The racism?
26240	11	And the best way to finance the Italians would be through pensions. Not only the retirees, but also their children and grandchildren: it is the only certain way with which it is certain that, in 99 percent of cases (unfortunately the PD also polluted the pensions) to Italians.
26240	13	All other ways (including citizenship retirement) risk end in too many cases to immigrants. It ends in too many cases with immigrants.
26240	15	Take the case of the baby bonus. In Vicenza, the Court forced the Inps to grant the baby bonus to a lady from Burkina Faso who recently arrived in Italy. In Brescia and Mantova, the same sentences have been issued, and according to the trade unions, which support foreigners, other appeals are coming. And where the national courts do not succeed, the EU think of us.
26240	17	In Brescia, for example, the first grade had given the right to the Inps but the appeal courts decided to appeal to the EU court for a consultation. “Citizens of non-EU countries entering a Member State for labour purposes, in accordance with Union law and national law – judged by European retirees – must benefit from equal treatment with respect to citizens of that Member State.” Italy must pay.
26241	1	Previous PostPrevious Previous post: “We will not assist genocide against the people’s course”
26241	3	In a press release published on Monday, the FLNC (Corsica National Liberation Front) says it will not be a “passive spectator of the planned death of the people running on their land.”
26241	5	“The people are dying, they are disappearing,” the FLNC (Corsica National Liberation Front) said on Monday in a press release, claiming 16 attacks against second houses, construction companies or police vehicles.
26241	7	It is an attack against immigration that is making the Italians of Corsica minority on their own land.
26241	9	“What kills the people of course is France, the world economic system and part of our people that is complicit with it,” the illegal organization accuses, in this document transmitted to Corse Matin.
26241	11	Among these complices, the text targets in particular Femu in Corsica, the autonomous party of Gilles Simeoni, president of the executive course, and “his desire for hegemony”.
26242	1	Trump’s election committee in Alaska: “The effect will be more likely to be great”
26242	3	From “The Press”
26242	5	Donald Trump is back in the election campaign with his usual style. In Alaska, which has to elect one of its representatives in the House, he also addressed the climate change topic: “They tell us that with the greenhouse effect the sea level will rise. What is the problem? We will have more houses with sea views.” But the Republican leader is in charge of the investigation of the attack on Campidoglio. Former sodal Steve Bannon said yesterday he was ready to testify.
26242	7	Trump to Sarah Barracuda: “We’ll bring back the White House”
26242	9	You are here: Home » News »
26242	11	Trump’s supporters in Alaska
26242	13	Donald Trump's retreat starts from the most remote corner of America, from Sarah Palin's Alaska. A political sadalism was born in 2015, when the former governor supported the candidacy to the White House of the New York outsider. The alliance is now back, with Palin running for a seat in the Chamber, in the midterm elections, scheduled for November 8. But with a forecast to 2024, when Trump will try to return to the Oval Studio.
26242	15	Trump in Alaska 1
26242	17	There then together, in Anchorage, the most important city of Alaska, for a show, a performance of more than two hours. The sites and newspapers immediately reloaded Trump’s most discontinued phrase: “What is the problem if you raise the sea level?
26242	19	In this case, we will have more homes on the beach.”
26242	21	The former president, on the other hand, leaves the key passage with uncertainty: “We’ll return soon, we’ll take back the wonderful White House soon.” It’s a clear message to doubtful or hopeful analysts: Trump won’t get away from the middle and rather soon, he will announce the candidacy for the Republican primary.
26242	23	The former president is on the defence. There are investigations by the Congress and the Prosecutors. And above all, there are the maneuveres of the republican establishment, not only moderate, which seeks to cut their way. Trump needs spots, needs figures like “Sarah Barracuda”, “the pitbull with the red.”
26242	25	Palin has closed the first phase of the primary and now can conquer the seat occupied for half a century by the Republican deputy Don Young, who died at 88 years of age last March. In theory it would be a round of elections like many others. Palin, however, turned his race into the general test of the struggle for national leadership: “We are facing a date that will change our lives. We have to choose between a shining, asphishing regime and freedom; between good and evil.”
26242	27	by Donald Trump Sarah Palin 3
26242	29	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. Seven years ago, in 2008, Senator John McCain chose her as a vice in the ticket that challenged Barack Obama and Joe Biden. No need to turn around us, Palin hopes that Trump will do the same, when it’s time. He has already linked his political fate to “The Donald”.
26242	31	For some he anticipated the trumpian populism, discomforting the rigorous and prudent McCain. In any case, Palin could still today mobilize the most traditional electorate. There is no distinction between religion and politics. It is both contrary to abortion and favourable to the spread of weapons. It was the main theme of the “Tea Party”, the anti-tasse, anti-statist movement born in 2009. Not to forget, however, the strong connection with the fossil energy lobby.
26242	33	One of his campaign’s motto is “drill baby, drill”. Trump followed the trace. Of course, he dedicated the usual twenty minutes to the “stolen choices”, repeating false theories and packaged numbers. But then the former president attacked Joe Biden citing the prices of gasoline, the inflation rate, the global energy crisis. In the final he regulated the accounts with Senator Lisa Murkowski, a real power in Alaska. For Trump, it’s “the worst of the worst,” since the senator voted in favour of the impeachment. The former president supports his challenger, Kelly Shabaka. But it will probably not be enough.
26242	35	Donald trump sarah palin 5 donald trump sarah palin 1 donald trump sarah palin 2 donald trump 2 sarah palin meme donald trump donald trump
26243	2	to the vote! to the vote! The politicians speak
26243	4	Antonio Padellaro Marcus Travaglio Furius Columbus
26243	6	"In addition to the African maxi-bowl, a pet Matteo Salvini threatens a stremate, from the grilled patterns, Giuseppe Conte: ""We go to the vote if they drop."" “Yes, immediately the word to the Italians,” canicular martell Giorgia Meloni. “Free to the anticipated vote,” confirms a rigid Silvio Berlusconi, directly from the personalized subzero crypt. As Nazareth’s striking voices swear, “We are not afraid of the urns.”"
26243	8	Mark Travaglio and Joseph Conte
26243	10	They strike the heart of the images of the trapped microphone cappucks that are drawing around Montecitorio, streak television networks hunting triglyes and polypets as long as they declare any, since the tons are drunk in deep waters. to vote! to vote? What is the heat?
26243	12	It is copied to the only thought of the round of consultations at the Quirinale, of the “unnecessary” mediations of Mattarella, of the delegations deambulant in nothing. But then, even if it was, who would save us from the ruins of sineders for the presentation of the lists, with the honorable decimations incorporated (by the cutting of the parliamentarians) between cry and the stridor of teeth? What about the Election Campaign? What about the Commissioner Talks? And the darkness of “Do not interrupt me I have not interrupt it?”
26243	14	This is the only way to get rid of it.
26243	16	This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money. What did the Italians do to deserve this? You are forced to suffer the cap of the false policy, which is submitted to the foolish inclination of climate change? And after the repeated signs that to vote this people of saints and sailors reap with increasing evilness and disappointment? In September, then, with the people who will be in the shots with the wounds of Egypt (virus, war, inflation, etc.), and with some bitter caves that half is enough.
26243	18	Mark Travaglio and Joseph Conte
26243	20	The founded hope is that it is the usual bluff, the facite ammuina, the usual theatre of sparafuciles with the tappo, ready to dissolve the Chambers but not the reservation of the resort in Sardinia. This is the most important part of the world’s economy, and the most important part of the world’s economy is the world’s economy.
26244	1	The European Commission's REPowerEu plan - Europe
26244	3	The EU Court of Auditors announced today that the European Commission’s REPowerEU plan was presented in mid-May to accelerate the reduction of dependence on fossil fuels from Russia and increase the resilience of the EU energy system. According to the analysis carried out by the Court, of the 210 billion additional funding that the Commission estimates will be activated by the REPowerEU, the ones that will be directly and actually made available by the plan will only be 20 billion.
26244	5	"The rest of the planned investments are ""out of the Commission's control and depend on the willingness of the Member States to use the remaining loans of the Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF) or to withdraw funds from other EU policies, in particular those for cohesion and rural development."" As a result, the Court warns that the total amount of funding actually available may not be sufficient to cover the estimated investment need. ""The invasion of Ukraine by Russia has shed reflectors on our dependence on the imports of gas, oil and coal, and the EU had absolutely to act and respond quickly to the increasing concerns regarding energy security,"" said Ivana Maletic, the court member responsible for the opinion."
26244	7	"""But the Court has noted that REPowerEU, in its current form, may not be able to quickly identify and implement EU strategic projects that have a maximum and immediate impact on the energy security and independence of the Union. A risk, the one highlighted by Meletic, fueled by a ""series of incompatibilities"" found by the Court in the concept of the REPowerEU plan. Incoherences arising mainly from alleged synergies between the plan itself, focused on the Union as a whole, and the RRF, that is, the instrument on the basis of the Pnrr and therefore declined on the basis of national projects. All elements that, according to the Court, could severely limit the financing of cross-border projects and those with the greatest potential to contribute to the security and energy independence of the EU."
26246	1	EU’s ‘Gas plan criticism is natural but needs a common response’
26246	3	"Brussels, 22 LUG - ""Ursula von der Leyen not only illustrated the proposal but the motivations on the basis of the plan. It is a plan based on the fact that there is a serious risk of interruption of gas supplies from Russia and we must be prepared. The fact that there is a debate between the Member States is not surprising, it is natural in a democracy union like the EU."
26246	5	This is a process.” The EU Commission spokesman, Eric Mamer, said that he was interrogated on the many 'not' arrived from the Member States to the gas emergency plan.
26246	7	If on the gas the worst scenario will become reality this will affect everyone. We are absolutely convinced and it is vital that there is a common response,” Mamer added, who, suffering over the fact that the plan’s detractors accuse the fact that it was done on a measure for Germany, stressed: “No one should make the mistake of believing that a single state is concerned with the stop of Russian gas supplies. There are many countries dependent on Russia.”
26246	9	Italy, according to diplomatic sources, expressed strong opposition to the EU gas emergency plan in particular with a relationship on three points of the package: the obligatory cut of 15%, the percentage of the reduction itself and the fact that the reduction is horizontal and equal for all. On these three points the contradiction is shared by Italy and other Member States even though the framework of these is described somewhat “frasticated”. In the afternoon on the plan will be a first meeting of the 27 ambassadors and it is not excluded that an amended version of the Commission package will arrive on the table.
26247	1	Covid Animal Party Wuhan Market: Studies Cancel Doubts
26247	3	Analysis of the beginning of the pandemic in China
26247	5	The covid 19 started from the living animals sold in the Wuhan market, China, at the end of 2019. This is the conclusion to which the authors of the studies published in 2 articles on the journal Science. The analysis coordinated by Professor Michael Worobey - Director of the Department of Ecology and Biology of the University of Arizona - involved experts of various nationalities and produced the texts that actually exclude any alternative hypothesis for the origin of the pandemic. According to the authors, the virus's transition from animals to humans occurred in two distinct events, in the Huanan market - in Wuhan - at the end of 2019.
26247	7	One of the studies examined the localization of the first known cases of Covid 19, combining the information with the results of the anaalysis on tampons taken from surfaces and caves in different sections of the market. The other study focused on the genomic sequences of SARS-CoV-2 after the analysis of samples provided by patients positive results during the first weeks of pandemic in China.
26247	9	The first study, conducted by Worobey and Kristian Andersen at the Scripps Research Institute in San Diego, California, examined the geographical model of Covid 19 cases in the first month of the epidemic, December 2019. Scientists have been able to determine the position of almost all 174 cases of Covid 19 identified by the World Health Organization in that month.
26247	11	Analysis showed that the cases concentrated around the Huanan market, while the subsequent infections had a broad spread in the city of Wuhan, inhabited by 11 million people. In particular, the researchers found that a surprising percentage of the first patients affected by Covid without any direct link to the market – not workers or customers – was still located in areas near the commercial structure.
26247	13	“This reinforces the idea that the market was the epicenter of the epidemic,” says Worobey, explaining that sellers and workers were infected for the first time and actually started a chain of infections.
26247	15	“In a city that extends over 5,000 square kilometers, the area with greater probability of hosting someone’s home among the world’s first infected was in a perimeter of a few streets, with the Huanan market right inside,” says Worobey.
26247	17	Scientists also examined samples taken from the market surfaces, such as floors and rubber, after the structure was closed. The positive results samples for SARS-CoV-2 were associated with bankers selling living wild animals.
26247	19	The researchers found that mammals now known to be susceptible to infection – red wolves, tails and prophins – were sold alive in the Huanan market in the weeks prior to the registration of the first cases among men.
26247	21	“The mountain events remain dark, but our analysis of the available evidence suggests that the pandemic is derived from human infections from animals in sale to the wholesale sea fruit market in Huanan at the end of November 2019,” Andersen, co-author of both studies, summarized.
26247	23	The second study, a genetic analysis from the first cases, was co-directed by Jonathan Pekar and Joel Wertheim of the University of California, San Diego, and Marc Suchard of the University of California, Los Angeles.
26247	25	The researchers found that the pandemic, which initially involved two slightly different SARS-CoV-2 lignages, was probably derived from at least two human infections caused by animals in the Huanan market in November 2019 and in December 2019. The most likely hypothesis is that the two lignages have been transferred from animals to humans in two distinct episodes.
26248	1	“Nazi speech worthy of Goebbels,” Orban’s counselor resigns
26248	3	Hegedus, a member of the short circle of the Hungarian Prime Minister, explains in a letter the reasons for his disagreement.
26248	5	“A pure Nazi text.” So Zsuzsa Hegedus, a member of Viktor Orban's narrow circle, defined the Hungarian Prime Minister's speech, which took place last Saturday in a region of Romania that houses a large Hungarian community. A distance that led to his resignation the counselor of the nationalist Orban, who he knew for 20 years.
26248	7	“I don’t know how you did not notice that the speech you spoke is a pure Nazi text worthy of Joseph Goebbels,” he wrote in his resignation letter Hegedus, according to the Hungarian news site hvg.hu.
26248	9	"In his speech, the Prime Minister had said that European peoples should be free to mix with each other, but that mixing with non-Europeans created a ""world of mixed race."" The Auschwitz International Committee for the Survivors of the Holocaust called the speech “stupid and dangerous,” while Orban’s spokesman said the media had twisted."
2625	1	China's last warning to America
2625	3	The authorities of the Heavenly Empire began to prepare for the same scenario that the West played in relation to the foreign activities of Russia. That is, to the “arrest” of accounts, the seizure of goods and other theft, which the “illuminated generals” call “sanctions.” Unfortunately, there are valid reasons: the United States is provoking China in every way possible to solve Taiwan’s problem, clearly increasing the tension around the island.
2625	5	We know little. There was only information about a certain meeting that the Central Bank of China held with the funders to protect itself from Western sanctions. From theft of goods. Both cash and securities and other property.
2625	7	Beijing is concerned that “in the event of a regional military conflict or other crisis”, the Russian scenario will be repeated. That is, that the Chinese are dismissed. The probability that this happens is extremely high. In terms of “conflict” and “sensions”. In addition, there are all the reasons to think that this happens intentionally, with clear goals.
2625	9	“The escalation in the narrow is increasing. In this context, the meeting (the United States and Britain have held talks to reduce the threat to Taiwan – ndr) has the nature of preparatory work for the upcoming events. The United States and Japan have already prepared a military plan that does not include interventions in hostilities, but provides for the provision of weapons, information and innovative assistance. This meeting can already be characterized as a kind of further signal that a military operation is inevitable. The factors that contribute to you only increase their activity. In Taiwan itself, an active propaganda of hostilities is carried out,” says synologist and publicist Nikolai Vavilov.
2625	11	Taiwan, by analogue to Ukraine, was filled with weapons and last autumn U.S. President Joe Biden said without any means that the U.S. would defend the island. However, these words should not be considered as another “flow of consciousness” of a person not very healthy of mind. They do not manage the country. Here it is worth remembering that the same Ronald Reagan, mostly, spent his second mandate in a hospital bed, and also partially in coma. And nothing, somehow, are the “rules”...
2625	13	The words that the U.S. will not leave the poor and unfortunate Taiwanese in trouble are nothing more than loud statements. In America, there is nothing of all Chinese in mass, Taiwanese or continental – it doesn’t matter. They only count their interests. The Yankees will not fight for the separatists on the island, as soon as things begin to blow up, staff members will “found” themselves. Another thing is that they will try to use the conflict 100% on the financial front.
2625	15	China is the second-largest US public debt holder after Japan, with a nominal value of more than $1.1 trillion. Therefore, we can assume that China is America’s most important creditor. The Land of the Sun Lift does not count, it is completely controlled by Washington, as it is still occupied: American troops are in room on the islands. But the Heavenly Empire, on the contrary, is free to do what it wants.
2625	17	In total, parsymonic Chinese have accumulated about $3.2 trillion reserves and gold in their composition is the minimum indispensable. And all of these funds are threatened by blurry. More tangible goods spread throughout the planet. The result is a huge amount. In fact, it is China that is on the game, and not the fate of some residents of Taiwan there.
2625	19	The Yankees in the hardest way “pump” themselves. American politicians arrive on the island, promise something to local leaders, and another threat is heard from Washington. Even the Chinese do not remain inert, large-scale military exercises are planned near the island. Five military satellites have already been launched in orbit simultaneously and Chinese aircraft hunting has begun to “surve” Taiwan’s airspace. In other words, it is going to explode. Beijing has no choice. Or you defeat the separatists, or soon an island will appear along their coasts, filled with U.S. missiles with nuclear tests. Everything is going to this.
2625	21	“Three treaties between the United States and China were signed: 1979, 1982 and 1989. Under these treaties, the United States recognizes Taiwan as an integral part of the People's Republic of China. Moreover, Beijing has repeatedly stated that if Taiwan is declared independent, the RPC will immediately deploy troops. So everything depends on the United States and its hills in Taipei. The provocation will not go to the end: the issue will be limited to maneuver and, if they dare, China will land troops the same day. In fact, as long as members of the U.S. Congress manage the island, a landing can take place at any time,” says Politologist Andrey Ostrovsky.
2625	23	What will America earn? A lot. First of all, China will be devastated, as they did with Russia. and.............
2625	25	The Chinese will respond in case of large-scale theft, there is no doubt. They have successfully suppressed the “fifth column” in their country, the government is united and the people support it. The Yankees will come. Of course, everyone wants to live and no one will start an atomic war, but the states will get it. How – you can only guess.
2625	27	The skeptics, without a doubt, could object: Taiwan hosts TSMC, which provides the most advanced chips to the United States, and other similar companies. That is, it makes no sense that the Americans sacrifice this. Yes, TSMC is really an important company. However, Donald Trump also began conducting a “American-style import replacement” campaign. Production began to return to the country, including high-tech ones. Now all this is happening. This year Intel will build two huge factories in Ohio: in New Albany there will be the world’s largest semiconductor production complex.
2625	29	Other companies have similar plans and not everything comes to the media. The United States has a strong industry, very skilled staff (including those “broken” throughout the planet), and the process is ongoing. Very happy and in the right direction. These are not the charms of Russian officials. In the United States, this same reindustrialization is now ongoing. According to the Decree of the same Biden of 25 January 2021.
2625	31	“The U.S. government, in accordance with applicable law, will use the terms and conditions of federal contracts in federal contracts to maximize the use of goods, products, materials and services manufactured in the U.S.”
2625	33	Everything goes well with the Yankees. They rebuild their economy and prejudice the world. China is the next, Russia is the next. Moreover, it is not a fact that, after a strong worsening of international tensions, the United States will remain a “democracy”.
2625	35	The desire to establish a totalitarian dictatorship has manifested itself in American politics, the stronger, the weaker the possibilities of the American elites to maintain their global hegemony by conventional means, within the framework of the existing system of international relations and international law. As soon as the crisis of the U.S. system reached the U.S. coasts and the degeneration of the resource base led to a breakthrough in the elites, the most reactionary circles of the hegemonian globalist elite (Clintonites and Bidenites) immediately tried (and not without success, although it is not definitive and risks to end in a giant failure) to establish a totalitarian neoliberal dictatorship in the U.S.”, says Politologist Rostislav Ishchenko.
2625	37	The prospect? Instead of democracy – dictatorship, in the tide of the states there is a butterfly like Aloizovich. Strict police system. Instead of dollars – “amero”, only for the Americans. Dollars cancelled. in general. In fact, in recent years, America has been systematically moving towards this. Globally-scale theft and confrontation with the whole world do not leave any other choice to the true U.S. rulers. Why they did a casino.26250
26250	3	The growth of global electricity demand is slowing “drastically” in 2022 when it is expected to grow by 2.4% after 6% of the previous year, due to the weakening economic growth and the rise in energy prices following the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
26250	5	A similar increase, in line with those of the last 5 years pre-Covid, is scheduled for 2023.
26250	7	A higher growth than that of electricity demand is distinguishing renewable sources that, thanks to the new installed capacity, could see a production growth of more than 10% in 2022 and replace part of the production of fossil fuels.
26250	9	Despite the increased carbon consumption in some European countries to replace Russian gas, the sector’s carbon dioxide emissions are expected to decrease in 2022, from the historic maximum reached in 2021, with a slight decline of about 0.5% in 2022 and 1% in 2023. Only in Europe emissions would rise by 3% this year and then drop by 8% next year thanks to the growth of renewables.
26250	11	As regards prices, the AIE emphasizes that in the first half of 2022, the average price of natural gas in Europe was four times higher than in the same period of 2021, while the price of coal was more than triple. The IEA price index for the world’s leading wholesale electricity markets has reached double levels compared to the average in the first half of the period 2016-2021.
26252	1	"Germany's Economy Minister Habeck: ""We're facing the biggest gas crisis"""
26252	3	Germany faces “the biggest gas crisis,” because of the “political and economic dependence” on the imports of this source of energy from Russia. This was stated by the German Minister of Economy and Climate Protection, Robert Habeck, after his visit to the Bad Lauchstaedt Energy Park in Sassonia-Anhalt. 
26252	5	He added that it took years to make Germany dependent on Russian gas, but that report will be overcome “in months and a few years.” In this regard, the German Minister of Economy and Climate Protection emphasized the importance of hydrogen and the development of other renewable sources for its production. For Habeck, “this is the future,” but first of all it is about overcoming winter and the next.
26254	1	Russia says Draghi's resignation
26254	3	Draghi’s resignations, sanctions... in the West, the rivals for Putin are over?
26254	5	In Russia they comment on Draghi’s decision to resign (which Mattarella did not accept).
26254	7	Professor of the Department of Compared Political Sciences at the University of RUDN Jurij Poc’ta, in an interview with RT, commented on the decision of Council President Mario Draghi to resign.
26254	9	The series of resignations of European leaders is part of the crisis in Europe, the Russian politologist believes.
26254	11	“This is an energy, political crisis... They are contradictions and a tendency to spread within the European Union, intensified by Brexit. And the financial problems arising in connection with the sanctions, the desire to hurt Russia have returned against throughout the European society,” the politologist explained.
26254	13	According to him, the wave of resignation could be linked to the leadership crisis in Europe. The problems that exist today are a serious challenge for the leaders of European states: not everyone is able to deal with them, the expert concluded.
26254	15	On June 30 at a press conference at the NATO summit in Madrid, Macron had admitted that the price of anti-Russian sanctions is really heavy, he said: “While the price of the sanctions and mass support we give to Ukraine is really very high, this is the price of war that we didn’t want. This price must be paid so that Europe can restore peace.”
26254	17	Meanwhile, the European Union plans to propose a new anti-Russia sanctions package in the coming weeks, while the Russian government is developing response measures - the EU truck entry ban could enter into force from 1 October.
26254	19	"""Bottles of regulatory documents are being processed by the Ministry of Transport,"" two sources of the Russian goods market told Izvestija."
26254	21	The possibility of a ban on the entry of heavy vehicles from the European Union to Russia from 1 October 2022 was also by Interfax.
26254	23	In April, the European Union, within the framework of the fifth sanctions package against Russia, banned Russian and Belarusian trucks from entering the EU.
26254	25	For Russia’s geopolitical opponent, the leadership crisis was marked by Boris Johnson’s resignation and the assassination of Shinzo Abe. Although Abe’s assassination was the work of a solitary fanatic and Johnson’s removal was the result of the dissatisfaction between his government and party members, they have one thing in common: strong leaders have been eliminated. It may be that historically it is not a case, in the sense that they symbolize the end of an entire era: the time of Western domination. The Western era was finally ended on February 24 and the G7 countries' reaction to the special operation in Ukraine only confirmed it. But the West’s attempt to punish and isolate Russia has returned back as a boomerang to the same Western leaders. Moreover, the whole non-Western world has refused to withdraw from the West.
26254	27	Each of the G7 countries had their own internal political difficulties, and the energy crisis did not only increase the burning climate, but it is difficult not to notice that not five months have passed and in most major Western countries the authorities have already big problems.
26254	29	Biden’s rating has fallen to 30 percent – which practically guarantees the Democrat’s defeat to the government in the middle-term elections in November. Macron has won the presidential elections but has lost the parliamentary elections – and now his government will not be able to rely on a parliamentary majority.
26254	31	The position of the governments of all the major countries of the G7 has become more precise - and their struggle for Ukraine, its consequences have played a significant role.
26254	33	But for Russia only one thing is important: how does this influence their position on Ukraine? Will they continue to increase the supply of weapons, hoping to defeat Russia on the battlefield, or will negative internal political trends make them more cautious?
26255	1	Saudi Arabia has doubled Russian oil imports in the second quarter of 2022
26255	3	According to data by Reuters, Saudi Arabia has more than doubled the amount of Russian oil imported during the second quarter of 2022, satisfying summer cooling demand and releasing the kingdom’s grain for exports.
26255	5	Russian oil was available with a discount on the seat of the severe economic sanctions imposed on Russia after the war in Ukraine.
26255	7	Finally isolating Russia and cutting its energy export revenues, the sanctions have created a serious energy crisis throughout the West.
26255	9	Last month, inflation in the U.S. has reached a maximum of 40 years since uncontrolled fuel prices affect the country. Other NATO members, such as Germany, fear that entire industries may be destroyed after losing access to Russian fuel.
26255	11	Meanwhile, many nations in the south of the world have increased their imports of Russian oil and gas, taking advantage of their broad availability.
26255	13	In the face of this crisis, U.S. President Joe Biden goes to Saudi Arabia hoping to relieve tensions with Washington’s historic ally.
26255	15	It should also ask Saudi officials to increase their supply of oil to the global markets.
26255	17	According to data obtained by Reuters, Riad imported 647,000 tons of fuel oil from Russia through the ports of Russia and Estonia between April and June this year, compared to 320,000 tons of the same period last year.
26255	19	By 2021, Saudi Arabia imported 1.05 million tons of Russian fuel.
26255	21	Also Russian fuel imports through the Fujairah West Asian oil hub to the United Arab Emirates have increased in recent months.
26255	23	According to traders, this year Fujairah received 2.1 million tons of Russian fuel, exceeding 1.64 million tons in 2021.
26255	25	Since the beginning of the NATO-instigated war between Russia and Ukraine, Washington’s main Gulf partners have ignored the desperate calls of Western leaders to break with their OPEC+ commitments and increase oil production levels.
26255	27	Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have decided to strengthen cooperation ties with Russia.
26255	29	As the Wall Street Journal earlier this week, despite welcoming Biden in the kingdom, Saudi officials should not give up their oil production partnership with Russia.
26256	1	Lavrov: “The traces of colonialism are obvious in the politics of Western countries”
26256	3	“Unfortunately, the traces of the policy of colonialism are evident in the policies of Western countries when they ask the whole world to stand for them and against the rest of [the countries],” he said during his visit to Uganda. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.
26256	5	His statements were released during the press conference after talks with his Ugandese counterpart, Sam Kutesa, and the African country president, Yoweri Museveni.
26256	7	In this way, Lavrov believes that the statements and actions of the West highlight the thought of the neocolonial blockade and condemns his attempts to resolve his disagreements with Russia through Ukraine.
26256	9	"The head of the Russian diplomacy said the discussions on the resolution of the world’s energy and food crisis “will not depend on the state of mind” of the Western counterparts. In this regard, he praised the African government for its refusal to engage in the Ukrainian conflict, stressing that he understood that the aforementioned crises ""have nothing to do"" with the special military operation in the European nation."
26256	11	Recently, Lavrov recalled that Western countries have exacerbated the global food crisis by imposing sanctions against Russia that have affected its agricultural exports. He also reiterated that the main causes of the food crisis that threatens the world include the coronavirus pandemic, the massive emission of banknotes not supported by the Western countries and the unprecedented drought in Africa.
26257	1	Von Der Leyen's messages to Bourla (Pfizer) are officially secreted
26257	3	Last September we talked about the initiative taken by Emily O'Reilly, the U.S. Ombudsman (Civil Defence or Mediator) who was committed to investigating the inherent issue of refusal to grant access to text related to mobile messaging exchanges between European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, and Pfizer CEO Albert Boula that would have occurred within the framework of a diplomatic mission to ensure the doses of the coronavirus vaccine in the U.S., a matter widely illustrated in his time by the New York Times.
26257	5	In fact, at the time a formal request for access to the messages was submitted, the Commission had stated that it had not been traced. The text messages, the same European Commission had supported, are generally “short-term” and in principle excluded from their registration.
26257	7	“If text messages relate to EU policies and decisions, they should be treated as EU documents,” O’Reilly placed black on white, issuing a decision of “bad administration” by the Commission.
26257	9	Following the formal action of the civil defendant, on June 29 came the response of the Commission with the signature of Vice-President Vera Jourova: “When a document prepared or received by the Commission does not contain important information and/or is short does not fall within the jurisdiction of the institution, it does not meet the registration criteria and therefore does not be registered. These short-term and effective documents are not kept and therefore are not in possession of the institution in accordance with Article 2(3) of the Regulation. Consequently, the European Commission considers that it has not treated the request in a “absolute” manner and that it has not treated it in a limited manner and that the search and processing of documents for the purposes of public requests for access to documents pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 is justified and follows the consolidated practice. In light of the above, the Commission may confirm that the presidential office’s investigation of the text messages related to the request for access to the documents has not produced any results.”
26257	11	In conclusion, the Commission is behind its initial response, formally reiterating that “the text messages and instant messages in general do not contain important information about the policies, activities and decisions of the Commission, nor are in possession of the institution.”
26258	1	Germany has reduced its production due to energy prices. Risk of industrialization?
26258	3	Without the Russian gas to Germany will be serious problems. We have heard this forecast many times, but now for Berlin the scenario begins to become real with its dramatic consequences. It may not be a coincidence that just yesterday came out of the German Foreign Minister’s statements, where Annalena Baerbock says that without Russian gas Berlin will meet “popular revolts”.
26258	5	A number of German industrial companies are reducing production in response to the rise in energy prices, according to a survey conducted by the Chamber of Industry and Commerce of the Country (DIHK).
26258	7	According to Reuters, the survey, conducted on 3,500 companies in the largest European economy, found that 16% are reducing production or partially interrupting activities.
26258	9	“These data are alarming,” said Peter Adrian, president of the DIHK. “They show how high energy prices are permanently.”
26258	11	Germany is largely dependent on Russian gas to fuel its export-based economy and to heat houses. But the country is preparing for a possible total blockade of Russian supplies as a result of European myopia and U.S. hegemonic design.
26258	13	Now in decline compared to last year, Russian gas flows are further slowed through the Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline and Berlin has passed to the second of the three stages of its emergency supply plan.
26258	15	The alarm was already launched at the beginning of this month by Yasmin Fahimi, the head of the German Federation of Trade Unions (DGB), who interviewed by Bild am Sonntag said: “Because of the gas bottle holes, entire industries are at risk of permanent collapse: aluminum, glass, chemical industry. Such a collapse would have enormous consequences for the entire economy and employment in Germany.”
26258	17	Last month Berlin implemented two of its three-level gas emergency plans after Russia reduced supplies through the Nord Stream 1, a step before the government raised fuel consumption in Germany, which depends on Russia for about a third of its energy.
26258	19	Otherwise in his observations, Fahimi warned that the increase in CO2 emissions costs implies additional burdens for families and, adding that the crisis could also lead to social and trade union disorders.
26258	21	In Germany, there is an unpleasant scenario.
26258	23	For a geo-economic power such as Germany, the combination of disposed expenses of the exorbitants to rearmarize and the obligation to forcibly give up the gas supplied (low cost) by Russia could have lethal effects. The head of the Basf said: “Without Russian gas, the economy will collapse.”
26258	25	Interviewed by the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung opposed the militant rhetoric of the U.S., NATO and mainstream megaphones, the hard reality: “With putting the question in brutal terms, an eventual stop of Moscow’s supplies would trace the German economy into the worst crisis since the Second After War and destroy our prosperity. Especially for many small and medium-sized enterprises, this could represent the end, We can’t take a similar risk!”
26258	27	In short, Germany is seriously at risk of deindustrialization. And it is with all probability the objective of Washington that disintegrating the European locomotive would try to disconnect any hypothesis of Eurasian approaching that would considerably redimension the so-called anglosphere.
26259	1	Zelensky: We will not accept Medvedev's intimidations
26259	3	Some Ukrainian politicians are trying to “threaten” the Russian Federation. The vice-president of the Moscow Security Council, Dmitry Medvedev, said that he hypothesized an attack on Crimea. But if something like this happens, “for all of them the day of judgment will come immediately.”
26259	5	Zelensky: Ukraine will not accept Medvedev's intimidations.
26259	7	Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Ukraine will not accept the intimidations of Russian Security Council Vice-President Dmitry Medvedev, who threatened Ukraine as a “day of judgment” in case of an attack on Crimea.
2626	1	Putin, the independent poll removes the other ball: it is increasingly popular among its own and the sanctions have made a bump to the wealthy oligarchs.
2626	3	"Russia is increasingly with Vladimir Putin. The Levada Center, an independent and non-governmental Russian organization, is recognized by the Kremlin as a “foreign agent.” In short, we are not talking about a pro-Putin survey. Lev Gudkov of the Levada Center says that the popularity of the Russian president “for now is rising. And more and more people support the offensive in Ukraine. The percentage of those who believe that the country is going in the right direction has increased significantly,” the agency said in a survey. After more than a month of war, which for the Russians is just a “special military operation”, the approval rate of the Zar has risen from 71 percent in February to 83 percent in March. Even Bucha's massacre doesn't stop Putin's support: ""People won't protest for what happened because they've been convinced that it's not real. All TV networks send in wave only denial. They say that it was a mesinscena, a mounting,” Gudkov says to the Republic. "
2626	5	The situation in Russia is quite different than it is thought in the West. In the reconstruction by the newspaper the dissidents are few and there was no exodus at the top, even because the sanctions against the oligarchs had the opposite effect of what the West expected. As for a possible state blow of the elites, the journalist Farida Rustamova explains, although many “feel offended”, “they will not turn anyone back.”26262
26262	3	What disappoint is the heterogenesis of the ends. The left, when it no longer has anything to say, without ideas, serious programs and remarkable leading class, certain prospects, recurs to the ghost of fascism.
26262	5	And not only; it always begins, in the light of the upcoming election meetings, a media, cultural and political campaign, based on a violent militant anti-fascism, which no longer makes sense, since fascism is dead and buried by a piece.
26262	7	But, obviously, he still manages to unite the citizens, rather to scare them, to compete parties and leaders, structurally and genetically each other against the other armed, and to move that little determining consensus to win. It is a sign of a mass psychological need that remains, also facing the collapse of ideologies and affiliations.
26262	9	And even now, the risk that the center-right, led by Fdi, may win next 25 September, has already triggered the same scientific demonization.
26262	11	A well-known and overwhelmed topic: the history is used, to better say, the ideology of history, as a political key against the “enemy”; the memory of the past is deleted, the world is divided into good and evil, in good and evil, and free associations are made to demonstrate how “impresentable” monsters are.
26262	13	When around the Meloni they sang victory, exulting for the international defeat by the strong powers (in primis, the American newspapers), and sometimes also by the PD, who had a little salt in the cabbage, remembered the trap: the mainstream uses a useful symbol to hit the real enemy. It happened with Fini when it was about jumping down from the Berlusconi Tower. When the goal is achieved, in fact, the finishes are ended in the dark and in the forgotten. It happened with the same Meloni in anti-Salvini function, and now that Fdi is in pole position, fascism is in gonnella.
26262	15	It has been seen before the recent administrative, it is already seen 60 days from the national vote.
26262	17	If we read the titles of the newspapers, the articles of the commentators of the left, the first among all Michele Serra, there is to blame, on the amount of racism fell in the field.
26262	19	But what regrets is when a historic FDI leader replicates the scheme.
26262	21	Ossia, he also uses the story to hit an enemy at home. As now the mid-right intestinal war is on the premiere, the word of order is to block the hypothetical nomination of Antonio Tajani to the likely leader of the coalition. The other point of a war within the center-right, which is seeing on the one hand, the Salvini-Berlusconi axis protests to find objective tools that can stop the advance of the Meloni (the famous assembly of the elected and the control from the top of the candidates who will be elected for the unnamed share); and on the other hand, the Meloni who thinks to shut down his enemies-friends with an anti-injuice treaty to avoid new temptations of the Dragi-2, repeating in case of disagreement on who will make the head of the government and 50% of the seats the no sense of the alliance.
26262	23	What did Fabio Rampelli do? He kissed Tajani saying he was a monarch from a young age. As if it was a sign of infamia, similar to having Christmas or neo-fascist origins (the MSI), like many FDI parliamentarians.
26262	25	It has done well Prince Emanuele Filiberto to remind Rampelli, the genesis of the National Right desired by Admiral (with the Monarchs of the Pdium), and of National Alliance, with characters of the calibre of Professor Fisichella, monarch doc and not only. And to remind the 10 European monarchies that lead the fate of the peoples and nations that have achieved the best results in terms of national unity, progress and institutional stability. While many republics degenerate into chaos or dictatorships.
26262	27	Last note: when Fdi talks about patria and patriotism, it should remember that Italy was made by Casa Savoia and that the national identity is constituted by the monarchy period (85 years), the Republican period (76 years). The monarchy also wins on numbers. And Rampelli's response to the prince, was correct, but still, unfortunately, with a pizzic of prejudice from July 25 or September 8.
26266	1	Kremlin: Iran and Russia are ready to abandon U.S. dollar in bilateral trade
26266	3	Iran and Russia are both trying to gradually abandon the use of the US dollar in their bilateral trade, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov announced today.
26266	5	"""We all know that the economic and trade relations between the two countries have exceeded a little more than $4 billion last year, although it might be wrong to count them in US dollars and, over time, we will probably get away from this practice as we develop our cooperation in the banking sector,"" Peskov told Iranian media."
26266	7	The Kremlin official added that net trade between Russia and Iran has grown by 31% in recent months and that the two countries have the opportunity to cooperate to mitigate the effect of Western sanctions.
26266	9	His comments were made on the eve of the meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin on a visit to Tehran to hold a summit between his Iranian and Turkish counterparts in those that will be a continuation of the talks in Astana.
26266	11	This will mark Putin’s second foreign visit since the beginning of the war in Ukraine on February 24.
26266	13	Earlier this month, the head of the Iranian Central Bank, Ali Salehabadi, had announced that Tehran hopes to implement rapidly the interbank cooperation agreements signed in Moscow on 7 and 8 July.
26266	15	“Commerciants, businessmen and economists will soon see the results of these agreements,” Salehabadi said, adding that the memorandum of agreement (MoU) “will strengthen the economic and energy ties in development between Iran and Russia.”
26266	17	The two countries are working to connect their card payment systems, using a similar to SWIFT, the predominant form of money transfer through global banks.
26266	19	The exchange of the card payment system is a response to major card networks, such as Visa and Mastercard, which have blocked both countries due to Western sanctions.
26266	21	Iran also recently announced the first transport of goods from Russia to India through the International North South Transport Corridor (INSTC).
26266	23	The newly operating maritime corridor, which is outside the scope of sanctions, also has the potential to turn Iran into a major transport hub.
26267	1	Germany may not survive the next winter in a semiconductor gas warehouse
26267	3	The heating season 2022/2023 could be incredibly difficult for residents and the German industry. This is by the German media, fearing that Germany will survive next winter in the middle of semi-month gas storage plants.
26267	5	The Spiegel newspaper writes that Germany is preparing for the cold that approaches irresistibly, like military operations.
26267	7	“Germany is preparing for the winter as for war, as if the Russians were already at our doors. It’s hard to say what’s going to happen when Putin closes the gas rubinets,” the statement said.
26267	9	Spiegel calculated that prices in Germany were raised for anything, from food in stores to gasoline in service stations. At the same time, director of the German Institute of Economy Michael Hüter predicts the collapse of the European gas market “because of the egoism of its participants.”
26267	11	On the other hand, the Bild newspaper conducted an investigation on German citizens, during which they appeared very pessimistic. It was found that 47% believe that the Federal Republic of Russia will get worse with the sanctions than Russia, only 12% believe that the Russian Federation will suffer more damage. 74% expect a slowdown in the economy and an increase in unemployment in Germany, while 83% are convinced that prices will continue to rise.
26267	13	At the same time, Bild, as to joke with the readers, published a statement by the Greek Minister of Tourism Vassilis Kikilias. He suggested that people in Germany are waiting for the cold season on the Mediterranean coast, where “heating is not necessary.”
26267	15	Moreover, the Federal Network Agency (regulator) of Germany predicts that by 2023 the cost of natural gas in Germany will triple. The ministry now urges consumers to reduce the consumption of this type of fuel as much as possible to delay the closure of the industry and slow down the ruins of German houses.
26267	17	Even German Chancellor Olaf Scholz did not stay away from what was happening. He said he was angry for the actions of Russia against Ukraine, because due to this the environmental agenda would resent it. Today, Germany is forced to temporarily use some power plants that have already been out of service or should have been closed. The restoration of the operation of 16 inactive coal and oil-fuel thermal power plants has begun and the life of another 11 has been extended.
26267	19	Scholz stressed that the decision was caused by a reduction in energy supplies from Russia. He assured that Berlin does not intend to give up its climate protection targets and that the decision on thermal power plants is temporary.
26268	1	The chaos in Dover is the mirror of Boris Johnson's mandate
26268	3	How much is the port of Dover ready for no deal? and 100%.” It is a propaganda card of the Conservatives on social media, still online, from 21 September 2019. The virgoletate is of infrastructure chief Doug Bannister, next to him Boris Johnson, a recent prime minister, with a scattering pettorin, divided by a triumphal campaign towards the vote. The no deal has been broken down, the political parabola of BoJo is broken down, but the codes and delays of these days – for which the government has tried, in vain, to blame the French – uncover the remaining lies of the poorly aged Tories. Another slogan is the proof of facts.
26268	5	Flights from the port to Europe. A dozen kilometers away there is, always in Kent, the British hill of the Manic tunnel, which connects Folkstone to Calais. Last week, a “several accident” was in the region.
26268	7	Chilometer codes, thousands of tourists who failed to board, others forced to sleep in cars, locked hours in column to advance a few dozen meters. The paralysis, which began on Friday, was relieved only on Sunday. The authorities had come to advise to travel with food and water, to present themselves far in advance, among the frustration of thousands of English people who wanted to go on vacation.
26268	9	It was not a perfect storm. From that corner of the island, the exodus has always gone. The breakdown was caused by the “Brock Operation”, a protocol that triggers when the traffic of trucks is overloaded. In fact, it turns a piece of the M20 highway into a stop and stop area. In this case, a trail along a quarantine kilometers was closed, where more than three thousand trucks were stationed. The Brexit supporters “terrorism” the scenarios, evoked by the newspapers and the Europeanist front, where Kent was transformed into an open-air parking area. But here, as it had already happened in 2020.
26268	11	So, the drivers were driven on the smaller roads, which collapsed. Some families said they spent more than six hours walking the last miles, in the strapon of England. A style performance returns from Liguria to Milan on a black ballon Sunday. The flows, returned to the previous levels of the pandemic, are a partial excuse. The slowdown depends on the controls, longer than before. Since the country has left the European Union, there has been a border. For this, not only the documents must be presented, but the passport is also stamped.
26268	13	This is the extension of time. Not very unpredictable. Downing Street has accused the French counterpart of not enhancing the organic on the border. A motorway accident contributed to disturbing traffic, but it is not enough to justify the three-day chaos.
26268	15	“The port of Dover, which is private, prefers to blame the French police,” Calais prefect Georges-François Leclerc said. The Eliseo Transport Minister, Clement Beaune, also declined all responsibility, while deputy Pierre-Henri Dumont (de Républicains) clearly spoke of “Brexit’s consequences.”
26268	17	The British government has denied it. A spokesman promised £32.5 million in investments to improve parking facilities in England, “to help drivers better plan their trips and stops.” If it’s a barrel, on the other side of the Manica they don’t get it. Even because the amount is dangerously close to that, of 33 million, of the project proposed by France to adapt the port to the post-Brexit. Dumont tweeted: “A few months ago the British executive rejected a plan to double the passport control positions.”
26268	19	Downing Street would only spend £33,000 by the end of 2020: 0.1% of the demand. Every year there are 13 million people and 2.5 million vehicles carrying goods.
26268	21	The only factor of discontinuity is Brexit, but not from an ideological or political point of view. The conservatives, who were waiting for it and celebrated it, brought us the United Kingdom without preparing the necessary countermeasures. It is a fact. However, after months of scandals, in the “Royal Country” there are those who still prefer to believe in the French “sales” rather than admit the impreparation of a ruling class, attempting to renew itself in the sign of populist continuity.
26268	23	As long as an automated customs barrier will operate, the nightmare of last weekend could become the “new norm” according to several experts. The chantier bulimia was typical of Boris Johnson, who dreamed of a submarine tunnel between Ireland and Scotland and a round under the Man Island. of engineering.
26268	25	The Dover codes are another good metafora of his mandate now to the codes titles: voting lies breathtaking in a hurry, pirotechnical in the talk shows but disorganization to the government, which the ordinary people spend. This is the case for the expulsion of migrants to Rwanda. The African country, which received £120 million from London, says it can accommodate only 200 refugees. The price is 600,000 pounds per person.
26269	1	Why Zelensky has released two major Ukrainian officials (not known)
26269	3	The dismissal of the general prosecutor and secret service chief by Volodymyr Zelensky was welcomed with great surprise, first of all because it opens a fraction in the Ukrainian administration. Since the Russian invasion began, the president has always tried to compete with his government and the most important officials, and Irina Venediktova and Ivan Bakanov were among them.
26269	5	To increase the uncertainty are the unclear contours of this decision. According to Zelensky, more than 60 employees of the offices directed by the two officials collaborated with the Russian army in the occupied territories, operating against the Ukrainian state. In total, he said, 651 cases of high trait against officials and members of the Ukrainian order forces have been opened. For the Constitution of Ukraine, the president has no powers to raise the two officials from office: the final decision has actually arrived thanks to a parliamentary vote.
26269	7	To motivate the choice would then be the shadow of a coup? According to Ukrainian Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs, Yevhinnii Yenin, more than 800 people were suspected of being involved in sabotage and recognition activities on behalf of the Russians, many of them civilians. These persons will now be detained and delivered to the Ukrainian security services. “We’ve broken out a Russian conspiracy to target the government’s leadership,” Yenin said, stating that now the order forces can count on 123 counter-sabotage groups, for a total of at least 1,500 members.
26269	9	Otherwise, in the villages and cities of eastern Ukraine, the most philosophical region of the country, soldiers are always legitimately concerned about the threat represented by those who stick to the Russian troops, in a more or less hidden way. “Cremlin can rely on informers of all kinds, who often act on the basis of the promise of a position in a future administration controlled by Russia,” the New York Times writes.
26269	11	Per this is why Zelensky has lost confidence in the number one of the secret services, Bakanov, his friend for many years, on his side since he became a famous actor until the 2019 political jump? Just last June, Christopher Miller, correspondent of Politico from Ukraine, had written that Zelensky was thinking of removing Bakanov from the Security Service (Sbu) – which is a huge machine, with 27,000 employees: for a comparison, the British MI5 has just 4,400 employees – because he had long lost confidence in him: the main reason would be the immediate loss of Kherson, on the Black Sea coast, beyond the Russian conquests on Ukrainian national territory and the strategic place of this war.
26269	13	It would not be a case, according to this reading, that in the same hours when he was raised from office Bakanov – replaced by his vice Vasyl Malyuk, at least temporarily – a friend, Oleg Kulinich, who until March was the vice-responsible of the Services in Crimea, the peninsula from which the column of armed carriers that took Kherson in a few hours: the accusation is that he has made the Russian special services trapped confidential information.
26269	15	The former head of the Ukrainian Security Service defended himself saying that thanks to the work of his agency the Russian troops were unable to capture Kyiv: “Russia thought to take Kyiv in three days: we built in advance a defense to neutralize them,” he said via Telegram.
26269	17	But on Bakanov was also another question, decisive: Radio Free Europe emphasizes how the former official also covers a top position in a private company registered in Spain, thus violating a law against corruption: “Ivan Bakanov has occupied the position of single administrator at the Nueva Tierra Verde Sociedad Limitada, since 2015.” Article 25 of the Ukrainian Law on the Prevention of Corruption states that people who occupy public offices are prohibited “to be members of councils, other executive or supervisory bodies and supervisory councils of commercial enterprises or profit organizations.”
26269	19	Moreover, there is not only the loss of Kherson among the difficulties revealed by the Secret Services in this conflict. “In April, Zelensky had declined two senior Sbu generals, Andriy Naumov and Serhiy Kryvoruchko, because they “breached their oath and betrayed their homeland,” the Kyiv Independent writes. Naumov was the former head of the agency’s internal security, while Kryvoruchko was the head of the security service in the Kherson district.
26269	21	Another question is that concerns Irina Venediktova, who was the prosecutor general since March 2020 and is considered another very loyal figure to the president. In these two years it has often been subject to criticism by the media and anti-corruption activists, who have emphasized the inability to pursue cases of a certain thickness and denounced the sabotage of some corruption investigations against people near Zelensky, including members of his party and administration.
26269	23	The cases of Venediktova and Bakanov are still making a lot of discussion, but they are not the only. Before them they had lost the place also Roman Dudin, head of Sbu of Kharkiv; Igor Sadokin, assistant of Kryvoruchko, head of the security service in the Kherson district; Gennadii Lahutia, head of the military administration of Kherson. And on July 10 Zelensky had dismissed five of the highs sent from Ukraine abroad: they are ambassadors in Germany, India, the Czech Republic, Norway and Hungary, although the president spoke of “rotating which is part of the normal practice of diplomacy.”
26269	25	This long list of cleansings, which also hit inefficient officials and with some problems on the anti-corruption level, could also track the contours of an unfinished coup? It is not clear. But that’s what Zelensky’s administration says that the Kremlin would have been assured by some operating Ukrainians – probably those appointed by former Russian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych – that there would be no resistance. It would then be a hidden, and potentially not yet completely disappeared operation to lead to a reassumption of power in Kyiv.
2627	1	Middle-earth with the United States and Ukraine
2627	3	Daniel DePetris from the think tank “Defence Priorities” and Rajan Menon from the Institute for the Study of War and Peace. Saltzman (Saltzman Institute of War and Piece Studies) of Columbia University in the article “The United States cannot force the rest of the world to support Ukraine. And here’s why,” they say sadly: Washington’s hopes that it would have been able to put the whole world against Russia have not been realised.
2627	5	The presidents of African, Latin American, Arab, Asian countries either partially supported the anti-Russian sanctioning measures, and even then did it under the pressure of the United States, or verbally condemned the military operation of the Russian Armed Forces (including under the pressure of the United States), but refused to support the sanctions. Some have taken a position of friendly neutrality towards Moscow (Brazil, Mexico, India, South Africa, United Arab Emirates). The most brave (China, Venezuela, Syria, Cuba, Nicaragua) did not condemn the operation and did not support the sanctions.
2627	7	The United Arab Emirates have become an oasis for the rich Russians. Those of them to whom it is prohibited to do business and relax in Europe transfer their property to the United Arab Emirates. In terms of economic development, the United Arab Emirates are almost equal to Switzerland and the banks of the United Arab Emirates are always open to Russian customers.
2627	9	South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has accused the United States and the EU of encouraging the conflict in Ukraine with their stupid NATO expansion policy to the east.Israel and Turkey, although they provide some kind of weapons to Ukrainian armed forces, are trying to maintain the measure and not disrupt the general balance of the political and economic interests of Russia.
2627	11	Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov’s recent visits to Algeria and Oman and the upcoming visit to Bahrain have shown that Russia isolated from the outside world exists only in the minds of Ukrainian oligarchs.
2627	13	Commenting on the position of the Arab countries on the Ukrainian issue for RT Arabic, Lavrov noted: “...they are based exclusively on their national interests and are not ready to sacrifice them for the benefit of someone else’s geopolitical opportunistic adventures. We have a relationship of mutual respect. We understand the fundamental interests of the Arab countries in relation to the threats to their security. They exchange our feelings and understand the threats to the security of the Russian Federation, created for decades by the West right at our borders, trying to use Ukraine to contain Russia and cause serious damage to us.”
2627	15	On the policy of the Anglo-Saxon, Lavrov said the following: “The impudence of the Anglo-Saxon alliance does not know limits... Instead of following the obligations stipulated in the Charter of the United Nations and respecting (as it is written there) the sovereign equality of the states, refusing to intrude in their internal affairs, the West daily through its ambassadors, emitters in every capital, without exceptions, not only of the Arab world, but also of other regions send ultimatum, brutally rejected on the basis of certain subjective situations. He directly threatens his interlocutors that they will apologize and be punished if they do not join the sanctions against Russia. This is a manifest lack of respect for the sovereign states...The United States and Europe, in their historic style, still think in colonial terms...”
2627	17	Saudi Arabia, on the request of the United States, refused to increase oil production to lower its prices and affect the Russian budget. Due to the sanctions, the production of black gold in Russia has decreased by 1 million barrels, but this is an acrylic figure for the Russian economy. In April, Russia's revenue from the sale of oil alone reached 1.8 trillion rubles. And there are also gas, mineral resources, metals, agricultural products, etc.
2627	19	India has doubled the volume of oil purchased from Russia compared to 2021. It has come to the point that Washington has threatened India with sanctions if it had refused to oppose Russia. India has so far rejected. To appreciate the dramaticity of the situation, it is necessary to understand that India for the United States is a fundamental ally in the Pacific region and a counterfeit to China. Relations between India and China have always been full of conflicts and Washington hopes to trigger another war between India and China. And suddenly Washington must threaten its ally, and also on the background of the Secretary of State Blinken’s claim that China is a more serious and long-term threat to the United States than Russia.
2627	21	India has a traditional hostile relationship with Pakistan. For this reason, Pakistan is a friend of China, and only recently Pakistan was an ally of Washington and India was the opponent of it. Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan, in response to Brussels’ request to support the anti-Russian resolution at the United Nations General Assembly, said: “What are we, your slaves, who must do all that you say?”
2627	23	Imran Khan was removed from power with the help of the U.S., but the new Prime Minister of Pakistan was equally unattable.
2627	25	Indonesia has taken a clearly philosophical position. As the most influential country in the ASEAN, it will not reduce the scope of cooperation with Russia. This position is typical for the entire organization. The official declaration of the ASEAN on the war in Ukraine does not contain a sign of condemnation of the actions of Moscow.
2627	27	Brazil earns $29 billion from exports of agricultural products, the harvest depends for 23% on Russian fertilizers. Why should the Brazilians lose billions of dollars to support some buffons in the form of a president in the remote Ukraine? Brazil, like Mexico, had to condemn the special operation of the Russian armed forces, but strongly opposed the sanctions, rightly noting that their introduction would not lead to the end of the war. Let us add ourselves: only a fundamental rejection of the philonazist ideology and clinical russofobia by Ukraine will lead to its end.
2627	29	Germany, France, Italy and other EU countries are anti-Russia, but this does not prevent them from buying energy from Russia daily for a value of EUR 0.7 billion. Austria and Switzerland, although in a certain extent supporting the EU and U.S. policy against Russia, do not enter into a hard confrontation with the Kremlin.
2627	31	“There is an important lesson to get from this,” Da Petris and Manon write, “For many countries outside North America and Europe, choosing a part in the comparison between Russia and the West means losing the [old] strategy and incurring costs that exceed the benefits... The United States cannot expect other states to sacrifice their interests to protect the world order established by the United States if Washington itself has easily violated the rules of this order when it has considered it beneficial...
2627	32	They must not be illusioned about how much support the rest of the world will give to Ukraine...The U.S. must prepare for the fact that they will have to experience disappointments, failures and possible defeats.
2627	34	The authors call the violation of the world order by Washington the conquest of Kosovo and its transformation into an American protectorate in the Balkans with a large U.S. military base, as well as an attack without the approval of the United Nations on Iraq and making this country a source of instability throughout the Middle East.
2627	36	De Petris and Manon emphasize that Ukraine is not exactly the same thing as Kosovo and Iraq, as it was not a threat to Russia. But this is a lie. There are many evidence of the aggressive plans of the Kiev regime against Russia, and even more the facts of the mass destruction of the civil population of the Donbass.
2627	38	Another thing is worth noting: the global reality around the conflict in Ukraine is not the same as Zelensky describes it. The slogan “The whole world is with us” remains an empty song. The authorities in Kiev keep the Ukrainians in a state of information hunger, feeding them with propagandistic foolishness instead of a sober analysis of the current situation.
26270	3	A rough summer risks to be the prelude to a frozen winter. In one case, it’s guilty of climate change, with a heat wave that turns victims and turns thousands of hectares between the fires; in the second there are other negationists, those who have blocked the exit plans from the Russian gas and recognize the emergency only at time () expired.
26270	5	Waiting to find out if Moscow will reopen the Nord Stream gas pipeline, a stop for “permanence”, and know the plans of the European Union to resist a possible closure of the rubinets, there is a fact that must be recognized to Mario Draghi. His government moved earlier, and better, than other European executives in diversifying supplies. So today Italy is one of the nations that has reduced energy imports from Russia most effectively. In some ways, our country has embodied an example of how to get rid of the toxic relationship with the Kremlin.
26270	7	The return to Algeria is the last box of a series of trips. The activism of the President of the Council has sometimes anticipated the stages – and thus the movements – of other European powers. The list of agreements closed in a few months is long: Azerbaijan, Angola, Congo, Israel, Qatar, Mozambique, Egypt. In these days, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz met with Egyptian head of state Abdel al-Sisi, while Ursula von der Leyen is reduced from the mission in Baku. Emmanuel Macron welcomed the President of the Arab Emirates, Mohamed bin Zayed Al-Nahyan.
26270	9	The sale of hydrocarbons is inevitable to stop financing Vladimir Putin’s brutal war, but the pilgrims of the leaders sign the re-evaluation in the diplomatic relations of some nations in the past criticized for the rights denied and not all mirrored democracies. This is where Realpolitik redistributes the first market quotas covered by Russia, creating new dependencies.
26270	11	The agreement with Azerbaijan is expected to be worth 20 billion cubic meters of gas by 2027 and, already in 2022, 12 billion cubic meters compared to 8.1 last year. The EU has responded to Putin's rejects by virtually halfing gas imports: -43% since the beginning of the year. They were compensated by historic suppliers, such as Norway and the UK, and with more purchases of liquid natural gas. Liquid natural gas (gnl) comes mainly by boat: the U.S. has promised 50 billion cubic meters from here to 2030, but there is still no infrastructure, although a large port of access in Portugal will be operational within six months.
26270	13	Due to the increase of 4 billion cubic meters to sum to the two already negotiated in April, Algeria will become the first source of Italy. They have helped the consolidated bonds of the Eni in the region. The second place remains Oslo, followed by Baku. In a short time, our country managed to re-design supplies, decreasing its dependence on Moscow from 40 to 25% of gas imports, with the prospect of falling again.
26270	15	It is thanks to this credibility that Draghi can push the proposal for a roof at the price of gas at the Community level. The European reserves, at the moment, are filled at 63%: not enough to spend a winter without contracolls. The level of safeguarding indicated by the European Commission is 80%, while for the International Energy Agency (IEA) it needs to reach 90%. A 2017 Regulation defines a mechanism of solidarity between Member States to share stocks in the event of supply crisis. Chigi Palace will try to demand the price head in exchange for access to its energy treasury, with a future from the “gas hub” of the Mediterranean.
26270	17	The Brussels Emergency Plan provides for the settlement in the border scenario. It will be important to mobilize the citizens. Changing our habits can make the difference: it’s not rhetorical. According to the Commission’s calculations, 11 billion cubic meters of gas can be saved by lowering thermostats by a few degrees. It will be recommended, immediately, a moratorium on air conditioning, enough temperatures from hybernation, and on heating towards the coldest season. It is a “offensive” that would be offensive compared to those suffered after February 24 by the Ukrainian population.
26270	19	There are the other costs, geopolitical, of the European reposition. For example, the additional gas pumped by Algeria almost entirely corresponds to what Spain, its decade-long customer, no longer purchases. Algeria has suspended the friendship treaty with Madrid for Pedro Sánchez's government's support to the demands of Morocco, its rival, on the West Sahara. And also Algeria is among the accounts of the abstentions to the UN motion of condemnation of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In the Emirates, with which Paris strengthens its partnership, activists and journalists are often imprisoned. A similar reputation has Azerbaijan, where the protests are repressed by force. Baku was not scrupulous to spend $3 billion trying to corrupt European politicians just to rehabilitate the image. Finally, with Egypt, the shameful assassination of Giulio Regeni is still burning.
26270	21	"In Algeria, Draghi did not talk about the government crisis. In an international climate as overwhelmed as the weather, the grills are trying to plan the prime minister. The sense of zero institutions. The side effect of the permanent assemblies of the Cinquentes cannot be to break down the government that in the midst of a war, the inflation and the recurrence of the pandemic is releasing us from the energy slavery towards the Kremlin. It would be the last favour to Putin by Giuseppe Conte. Without the Tap that according to the pentastellates ""threatened the secular olives"" of Puglia, then, to get rid of that dependence would be impossible."
26271	1	DRAGHI CADE, PUTIN GODE – GRAMELLINI: “Excuse the malicious thought (will be the heat), but considering the common position of count and save on the war, the true mystery is not that the government is lost, but as it is done to last until yesterday...”
26271	3	The negative effects of global warming must be announced by the Italian policy’s summer packaging. When the scientists will decide to deal seriously with the issue, they can only discover obvious connections between the rise of temperatures and the behavior of Salvini and Conte, already protagonists three summer ago of a double theatre blow that - now you can say - was a double sunshine blow and led one to fall a government of which he was a minister and the other to stay in the Chigi Palace with the support of the opposition.
26271	5	What has happened these days confirms the suspicions that some climatologists have advanced already then: Conte has gone out of the majority of emergency not sure because the emergency had ended, but as soon as the barometer reached 38 degrees. While Salvini was waiting for his 40s to challenge a government to which he had renewed confidence not later than last Thursday.
26271	7	However, it would be unfair to say that the heat only hit them: it insidiated the Berlusconians Ronzulli and Gelmini, reduced to bite in the Senate as two drivers at the semafor, and it came to scalfire even the Draghi's applomb, who, when he couldn't get it just anymore, began to take off the sassolins from the shoes that looked like the White Mountain. By the way, apologize for the evil thought (it will be hot), but considering the common position of Conte and Salvini on the war, the true mystery is not that the government has fallen, but how it has made it last until yesterday.
26272	1	"It is the usual Berlusconi: ""Force Italy at 20%, we will indicate the prime minister."" “They’re going to appear like Alfano.”"
26272	3	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. In this convulsive phase of Italian politics, between imaginary spies and Russian hackers that make Draghi fall, usually right and left runs that leave – especially now – the time they find, the 86-year-old Knight takes for a moment the scene releasing the usual statement “al Berlusconi”, or that impossible, that no one would ever imagine, as from Today.
26272	5	“We’re going to have a lot of money, we’re going to have a lot of money, we’re going to have a lot of money.
26272	7	In the last month, it was the same “prognosis”. For Silvio Berlusconi is so, not just with his “force” Italy. He is indestructible, coated and megalomane, he almost needs to pursue impossible goals, in the dynamics that contradict him. Then, by charity, life always reserves surprises. In 2013, no one expected his last election exploit, yet, with a 20-year election campaign, he managed in the intent to 22% of the consensus, for a party like the Pdl that everyone is now in decline. Now, of course, the company is even more unpleasant: Fi is a party that has been under 10% of the votes for years, and reaching it to the levels for now imagined by Berlusconi would be a electoral miracle. But the Knight was so hard. His defect and its resource, for ever.
26272	9	The transfughs “will disappear like Alfano and Bondi”
26272	11	The personality of the character cannot be questioned. At the age of 86, Berlusconi has it for everyone, including for those who left Forza Italy after the fall of the Draghi government. In the statements published by Ansa, and released during the broadcast Zone White, the president of Forza Italy expressed himself as follows: “I am angry because frankly I didn’t think that they found an advantage to go elsewhere, it’s never happened to all those who have gone out of Forza Italy, from Alfano to Bondi have disappeared and they’ll disappear too.” Finally, “I’ll make the election campaign also on social networks. I feel in shape and I think I can do convincing things and I think there will be no commissions, at least I consider them unnecessary territorial presence
26273	1	Wuhan lockdown: 1 million people detained for 4 asymptomatic cases
26273	3	Rome, 28 lug — A news that will send up the minister of health Roberto hope and his faithful right arm Walter Ricciardi: in Wuhan is back the lockdown. The Chinese authorities have ordered the three-day confinement of the population of Jiangxia, the suburb of the city, where approximately one million people live. The decision was taken as a result of the emission of 4 asymptomatic cases of coronavirus, incaped in the very fittings of the current network of control and tracking of the infection in the Dragon Country. This is the first time since 2020 that the Chinese metropolitan, which has a total of 12 million inhabitants, again orders a lockdown.
26273	5	Lockdown is back in Wuhan
26273	7	China therefore seems well intended to maintain its “zero Covid” policy, keeping lockdown, movement restrictions and large-scale tests in the field, despite the most infectious and asymptomatic variants of the disease seem to be able to escape many of the control measures. A policy, that of “zero Covid”, is increasingly at the center of polemics for the very high social and economic costs, but considered irrenunciable by the authorities.
26273	9	The Incredible Case of Shenzhen
26273	11	As in Shenzhen, the southern technological pool of China, where although health institutions say they have surrounded the city’s last Covid-19 fireplace, they have decided not to relieve restrictions and extreme preventive measures. The authorities declassified three areas from “high-risk areas” to “mediate-risk” and five “mediate-risk areas” to “low-risk areas”, indicating another building as “high-risk”. In this specific area the law does not allow citizens to leave their homes while those in the mid-risk areas cannot leave their residential communities. Measures that seem incredibly hard facing Chinese infection data: On Wednesday, 79 infections were locally (of which only one in Shenzhen) and 41 cases were imported throughout the country.
26274	1	This is the most important thing that we can do in our world.
26274	3	Rome, 28 lug – Do NGOs attack Italy? Maybe not in a strict military sense, but technically what we are going to assist in the coming days is the last ecatomb to the damages of Lampedusa, the Italian coasts and, consequently, our sovereignty. The numbers by the Journal are impressive, and cannot be ignored.
26274	5	The NGO army attacks Italy: Here’s how
26274	7	Three ships, all NGOs, all charges of clandestines (forgiven, “migrants”), all directed to Italy: if it is not an army or a military naval fleet, little is missing. It starts with the usual Ocean Viking that carries 387. Then there is the Geo Barents, 232 people on board. The Sea Watch 3 contains 438. The total number is 1,421. With different destinations, the three ships turn straight to our country. The Ocean Vikings, for example, moves near Italian territorial waters, near Lampedusa, while Sea Watch 3 stations near Pozzallo, a few kilometers from the border. The whole while Lampedusa, as we told a few days ago, exploded.
26274	9	Lighting on the knees for weeks
26274	11	The island is in a dramatic situation. The hotspot, which has already loaded almost 2,000 clandestines in recent days, with a maximum capacity of half, could go metaphorically to fire (and literally). Because the landings have no intention to stop. It does not want those who promote the phenomenon, it does not want the traffickers of human beings and the slaves, it does not want those who insist on suppressing the Italian people, innocent to the opposite proof, forcing them to suffer an invasion in their own home. The record of landings in 24 hours was 29 in 2020, but it was widely dropped by the hell of the past days: 32. And the same Lampedusa has already “accepted” 600 people only last night. Egyptians, Syrians, Pakistanians, Tunisians, Bengalians. Always without documents. And without rights. Like the Italians, the rest.
26275	1	“Radically chic environmentalists”: Rampini strings the grid and De Gregorio is irritated (Video)
26275	3	It is a great opportunity for you to find out what is going on in your life and what is going on in your life. In this case, it is necessary to ensure that you have the right to use this product in order to ensure that you have the right to use this product and that you have the right to use this product.
26275	5	This is the only way to get rid of it.
26275	7	“We are talking about social justice. Sri Lanka is currently hungry, literally hungry. There were mass revolts that forced the president to flee. A few years ago – tune Rampini – their rulers had the good idea to follow the advice of radical chic Western environmentalists that advised him to convert agriculture to agrobiological methods. The crops have collapsed and there is no more to eat in Sri Lanka. This is what the radical western environmental movement chic has on its consciousness, but it does not talk about it. He does not count on his own mistakes, with his own disseminated views inspired by an apocalyptic ideology and by slogans that have nothing to do with reality.”
26275	9	Do you prefer environmental snob? “As when Greta...”
26275	11	At that point, De Gregorio, visibly dry, replicates as a masterpiece: “I take the distances only from the radical definition chic no matter, sorry. I find it a formula now that has exceeded the limit of saturation and acceptability.” But Rampini doesn’t break down and corrected the shot with another bordate: “We say snob? The environmental snob. As when Greta travels the Atlantic on a boat, it’s the peak of snobism.”
26275	13	Considering the political origin and style, someone could easily give “radical chic” or “snob” just to Federico Rampini. However, for years the journalist of the Corriere della Sera writes articles and books that draw the deriva of the left, not only Italian. Excellent, in this sense, his wise The Night of the Left.
26276	1	“The global warming does not exist,” Libero’s chronicle tightened in the Po and died scratched.
26276	3	Pavia – There was nothing to do for Stefanos Sparacazzadas, a 38-year-old Milan journalist of Greek origin. The chronist, according to the newspaper Libero, was killed on the shock, scratching on the rocks, while he was carrying out an angel-flying tuff from the Becca bridge, in the pavisons, to prove that the Po river was not dry and that global warming does not exist.
26276	5	Sparacazzadas had announced the provocative company from his Facebook profile the evening before the tragic incident: “Tomorrow I’ll make a nice swimming on the clear, fresh and sweet waters of the Po. In the face of all the bracelets, they are baciabalene who have invented the spacecraft of climate change to force us to give up the well-being of our Western lifestyle and prevent us from buying more selfies.”
26276	7	The journalist was, unfortunately, of speech and last morning presented himself punctually to the meeting with the fate, hoping to humiliate once and for all the menagrams of global warming and drought. To accompany him, the freelancer video maker Giacomo Giuarmuscio, whom Sparacazzadas had slaughtered to immortalize the company, paying it with a brick to the cooked brick and fountain.
26276	9	Giarmuscio is the only witness to the tragedy, but his films are an unprecedented proof of how the events have occurred. In the footage, now in the hands of the investigators, you see Sparacazzadas on the edge of the bridge ready to launch, while out of the field you hear the voice of Giarmuscio trying for the last time to convince him not to do it: “You don’t see that there are only sacks??? The river bed is empty.” Giarmuscio then told him that he tried for the whole journey to the river to give up Sparacazzadas, but without results.
26276	11	Shortly before the tragic flight Sparacazzadas spoke in video his last words: “Go here above the Po! I am going to swim into his waters to prove that we are not running any risks. There are many different types of cookies that can be used for the purposes of our website. So we will be able to enjoy the world again without the ones who are disappointed to make us feel guilty. “W the life!”
26276	13	Although Sparacazzadas’s business was not agreed with Libero’s writing and leadership, for years the Milan newspaper has adopted a negative line made also of provocative initiatives. And a few months later another tragedy that involved the journalist – always of Libero – Luca Contafaba, who died while inhaling from the escape tube of a Porsche Cayenne to demonstrate that CO2 and emissions are not so harmful, and that we’t have to give up the luxury SUVs.
26276	15	All Libero’s edition stretched around the family members of Sparacazzadas and wanted to express his condolences in an official note: “We are saddened for the tragic disappearance of our colleague Stefanos, his party leaves an untouchable empty in all of us, but we are sure that his professionalism and generosity will accompany us forever, and yet the global warming does not exist.”
26277	1	May introduces the limit of the two divisions
26277	3	Poltro (NA) – After the striking break with the M5s and the birth of Insieme for the (my) Future, Luigi di Maio is firmly at the center of the Italian political scene. From the small alpine village of Poltro, a fraction of Pomigliano d’Arco, the Minister of Foreign Affairs explained the objectives of his new training in a brief meeting with journalists.
26277	5	“The addio to the M5S has no personal motivations, but it has become necessary because the current political leader Giuseppe Conte, which I don’t even want to appoint, is not at the height of the predecessors, and I’m not sure I’m talking about Vito Crimi. We remain against transformism and we propose to return to the purity of the origins: we will introduce the limit of the two divisions, we don’t want to reach the extremes of a certain left.”
26277	7	The political leader continued: “For me the most important thing in politics is consistency, in fact I always thought that only the stupid never change an idea,” and confirmed that the decisions will still be made online by the subscribers, although he admitted that the platform used until last year by the M5S had big faults: “Rousseau was a fool, he even understood Di Battista. We will launch a much more friendly system, Uagliò.”
26277	9	Technicians warn that the new platform will not be ready before 2030, but Di Maio guarantees that the heights of its new training will still act in the exclusive interests of citizens: “I assure you that our political action will be aimed exclusively to protect the well-being of our voters. And without a doubt among our voters there are above all I: I claim with pride that I have always voted for myself, not sure as an Adinolfi anybody who presents to the elections and takes zero votes.”
26277	11	And to those who accuse him of carrierism, of becoming a professional of politics, Di Maio answers with firmness: “These insinuations make me think badly of who spreads them, and to think badly it is sinful, but often it is inducted. I’m just trying to contribute to the country: I’m aware of my limits, but I’m also sure I’m not surrounded by giants.”
26277	13	“The power achieves those who don’t have it,” the minister finally closed, condemning himself from the journalists giving them the gobba.
26278	1	In July in Italy there were 17 extreme events per day.
26278	3	Dryness, fires, but also clouds, air trombs and loads. Under the atmospheric profile, one of the worst months in recent history is closed. Analysis of Coldiretti
26278	5	It ends a month in July that is ranked among the most burning ever, but marked by an average of 17 extreme events per day along the Peninsula between grandinates, clouds, air trombs, water bombs and wind storms that have aggravated the damage caused by drought that amounts to more than 6 billion euros in the countryside.
26278	7	This is what Coldiretti says in reference to the last wave of bad weather that divided Italy into two with 10 cities of red bull for heat and bad weather warning in 4 cities in the north, on the basis of data from the European Severe Weather Database (Eswd).
26278	9	“We are facing an obvious tendency to tropicalization with a higher frequency of violent manifestations, seasonal disappearances, short and intense rainfall and the rapid transition from hot to bad weather. Climate change that causes damage because the land fails to absorb water on a territory like the Italian made more fragile by cementification and leaving, with 7,252 communes, or 91,3% of the total, at hydrogeological risk according to Ispra data.
26278	11	Not to forget that in 2022 there was an increase of +170% of the fires triggered just in a burning and dried month of July that favoured the fire race along forests and counties throughout the peninsula with damage to the environment, the economy, the work and the tourism,” according to the analysis of Coldiretti on Effis data.
26278	13	To be affected by the latest disturbances in the countryside have been the cultivation of corn, forages, vineyards and fruit trees but also damage to the coverage of factory and capannons of agricultural farms with millions of euros of damage without otherwise contributing to defeating the water emergency situation in agriculture caused by heat and severe drought.
26278	15	"The level of the Po river at 3.3 meters below the hydrometric zero at the Ponte della Becca ""is representative of the criticisms present on the entire Penisola from the Padana plate where for the lack of water - it is emphasized in the note - is threatened more than 30% of the national agricultural production and half of the cultivation that give origin to the Italian food valley known worldwide."
26278	17	The situation of water deficiency also affects the large lakes of the North with the Major which has just 16% of the invasion and in the Como goes even worse with just 5% while in the valley areas it takes water to irrigate the crops, and even the Garda is filled slightly less than 1/3 (31%).
26278	19	"Among the extreme weather manifestations, ""the fall of the grass in the countryside - says Coldiretti - is the most harmful in this seasonal phase for irreversible losses that causes the crops right at the eve of the harvest, sending into smoke a whole year of work. A disadvantaged climate event that is repeated more and more frequently but changing is also the size of the shakes that is significantly increased in recent years with the fall of real and own ice blocks even bigger than a tennis ball.”"
26278	21	In the areas affected by bad weather, the Coldiretti’s damages are being checked, which also indicates “the aggravation of the budget of the damages caused by drought,” which has a “destructive impact on national production that has made an estimated 10% decrease in national agricultural production.”
26279	1	Biden and Xi Jinping agree to meet personally, but in Taiwan the tension remains high
26279	3	"It was a two-hour conversation between the two leaders. The White House says “No to unilateral actions that threaten peace and stability.” China's President: ""A mistake considers us enemies"" and warns ""who plays with fire burns"""
26279	5	"China warns the U.S. that ""who plays with fire burns"" and repeats that it will not admit interference in the increasingly delicate issue of Taiwan."
26279	7	Tensions on the island occupied much of the fifth telephone conversation between Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Joe Biden, a few days after the scheduled visit to Taiwan of U.S. House spokesman Nancy Pelosi. The two leaders agreed to see each other personally.
26279	9	The Pelosi Mission that Irrites Beijing
26279	11	The mission, not yet confirmed, would constitute the visit to Taiwan of the highest U.S. official in the past 25 years, and has already deeply irritated Beijing, which in recent days has sent increasingly clear messages to the U.S. of its disappointment: the last today, when the Ministry of Defense has called the island’s “reunification” with China, even not peaceful, a “ sacred mission” and warned Washington that it is increasing the risk of a military struggle.
26279	13	Beijing’s position is “coherent,” Xi told Biden, “and it is the firm will of more than 1.4 billion Chinese to resolutely safeguard China’s national sovereignty and territorial integrity.”
26279	15	"Beijing will never leave room ""in any form"" to ""Taiwan's independence forces"", as China defines the island's authorities, and calls on Washington to comply with the principle of the only China, which for Beijing implies sovereignty over Taiwan, and the three joint communications on which the two powers have established diplomatic relations. The purpose of today’s telephone conversation, the first since March 18th, was to “maintain and deepen the lines of communication” with China, the White House stressed, and “responsibly manage our differences and work together where our interests align,” but the issue of Taiwan continues to be the most intriguing node to dissolve in the relations between Washington and Beijing."
26279	17	"Biden reiterated that the U.S. policy towards the island ""has not changed"", but also that the U.S. ""we strongly oppose the unilateral attempts to change the status quo or to undermine peace and stability in the Stretch of Taiwan"", in which it appears an implicit reference to Beijing's increased aggressiveness for economic, diplomatic and military pressures on the island."
26279	19	The price of Russian gas
26279	21	"On the background remains the differences on the big chapters of the global shaker. Xi and Biden ""changed opinions about the Ukrainian crisis,"" state television broadcaster China Central Television said without getting into detail."
26279	23	The expectations were for discussions about a roof to be imposed on the price of Russian oil, already sanctioned in the West for the invasion of Ukraine by the Moscow soldiers.
26279	25	"For Beijing, this is a ""complicated question"", although China aims to strengthen communication on ""important"" issues with Washington, including expressly cited those related to food and energy security."
26279	27	The cooperation
26279	29	"Finally, the Cine urges the United States to cooperate against the Covid-19 pandemic and the risks of recession, and warns that considering the Dragon as a ""adversary"" and a ""long-term strike"" will not benefit the U.S. economy."
26279	31	On the contrary, for Beijing, China and the United States “will maintain communication at all levels, make good use of existing communication channels and promote bilateral cooperation.”
2628	1	If voting served something, the No Vax would not let it do.
2628	3	A recent survey by the famous Pagnoncelli gave the “No Vax Party” to 30%. Was it a warning message for the Grand Reset's cabin? Certainly, it is a comforting message for the resistant social blockade. If there ever was a party that had as first objective the abolition of the green pass and any form of vaccination obligation, it would be enough to go to vote. In the best of the hypotheses could be a party capable of going to the government, in a more realistic hypothesis, a party capable of exercising a real opposition, capable at least of braking the path they are imposing by forced steps, of deviating this dystopian trajectory that will mark the end of democracy.
2628	5	No vote would ever be like that. Many of the vaccinated people would also vote for the “no vax” party.
2628	7	The front resistant to health technology is wide and varied, there are so many realities of every political origin, as well as there are many people who do not have a precise political ideal, but who have rather religious and spiritual inclinations. In any case, the front would be united by the only shared objective, the only one that legitimates the idea of the party itself: the abolition of leaving and the vaccination obligation. A party with a single goal. For the rest, we will agree.
2628	9	“If voting made a difference, they’t let it be done.” Someone said in other times, always recent, lived in the great deception of liberal democracy, the petalistic term to define the oligarchic system. The political achievements of the masses have been disappointed and we have actually returned to the 800s, in a sort of dystopic cyberpunk novel, where modern global oligarchy have much more powerful and refined means for social control. Although today there is universal suffrage, there are many more systems to guide the voting of the masses, and if it fails, to falsify the result of the elections.
2628	11	Probably it’s an esoteric message that he has won the American elections to an elderly with a principle of senile dementia, involved in cases of international corruption, along with his son, the heir who loves to spend his free time smoking crack and upload videos on his PornHub channel. The message, addressed to those who can understand it, might be this: “It’s useless to try the way of the elections – We’ve taken this from you too.” “It’s us to decide who to be the most powerful man in the world. If we don’t do it with propaganda then we make the elections, and we’ll make you believe we’ve never done it” – “We’ve done it in the United States, we can do it anywhere.”
2628	13	This is the most important part of the world in the world, and the most important part of the world is the world. The first is that Italy is now a country commissioned by the global financial oligarchy, the second is that the “emergent situation” can be used again to suspend democracy.
2628	15	For all its history as a nation, Italy has never really been a sovereign country, probably not even during the twentieth, but the collapse of the Soviet Union has also marked the end of that margin of action of our political class, that little self-determination that in the Second After War we have tasted, in small doses. From Tangentopoli then the automatic pilot entered: DS, Ulivo, PD or Forza Italia and Lega have brought the neoliberal agenda forward in the same way, in a way rather than another. Today, 30 years away, the no vax party would be a small party only against all, it is impossible to find some form of alliance with the system parties, in this case the FDI and the League, which the globalist oligarchy uses as a fictitious opposition in order to maintain the image of democracy. This non-vax party, as mentioned in the beginning, could, realistically, only cover the role of a real opposition front. But here too, history teaches. The suspension of democracy, under its purely electoral sense, can be implemented with the excuse of the “emergency situation”. As it happened in 2011, when the crisis of sovereign debt, artificially inducted by the Oligarchy, was used as a spacecraft thanks to which the mass media of the Oligarchy itself profounded terror in the public opinion that it so managed to legitimize, rather to make the people invoke to a great voice, the political power of its own shells: the technicians captured by Mario Monti who inaugurated the season of tears and blood, of that fierce austerity made in Italy.
2628	17	It is not difficult to think that the scheme to be repeated today during the “health emergency” is the same as applied during the “economic emergency” 10 years ago. It is not difficult to think that the media power that the Oligarchy has is sufficient to legitimize in the eyes of the public the outlaw of the No Vax Party. They have already demonstrated, and made acceptance to a large number of people, that in the name of health, democracy can be suspended.
2628	19	Certainly, until you try it, you can’t be sure. In any case, if the resilient social blockade really found a cohesion that crystallizes in the formation of a political subject for the upcoming elections of 2023, it would be a great pain for the Oligarchy, and for their wicked executives here in the shelf.
26280	3	The Cnr Hydrogeological Protection Research Institute in a study shows how climate change affects high-percentage environments. The “catalogue” of events.
26280	5	In 85 percent of cases high rate instability events are associated with a temperature anomaly, and the role of positive temperature anomalies increases from spring to winter, and with the share and volume of the event.
26280	7	These are the conclusions of an analysis conducted by the Research Institute for Hydrogeological Protection of the National Research Council (Cnr-Irpi) which, in a note, illustrates the tools used for the monitoring of glacial masses and the related unstability phenomena, such as the recent ice collapse of the Marmolada.
26280	9	The presence of glacial masses has always been associated with the possibility of unstabilities potentially dangerous for human activities, such as the large collapse of glacial fronts and sudden full glacial.
26280	11	The study of instability
26280	13	Cnr-Irpi has been working for more than thirty years in the field of studies relating to the documentation of the unstability phenomena in the ice area, with particular reference to the characterization of the dynamics of the glaciers, to the reconstruction of the events of the past and to the analysis of the factors involved in the emergence of unstability phenomena.
26280	15	Thanks to the knowledge and expertise acquired in national and international research projects and scientific collaborations (such as GLACIORISK and GLARISKALP), the Cnr-Irpi has contributed to the implementation of the only existing European-specific ice risk database (http://www.nimbus.it/glaciorisk/gridabasemainmenu.asp) and the drafting of the International Guidelines for the definition and mitigation of ice risks (https://www.gaphaz.org/).
26280	17	One of the most important challenges today is the understanding of the impact of climate change on glacial masses and their instability, also considered the increasing frequency of high-cost environments and thus the increasing related risks.
26280	19	“Ice instability phenomena are increasing worldwide, including in Italy, but for statistically-based conclusions it is necessary the consolidation of national and international strategies for the systematic documentation of this type of phenomena,” explains Marta Chiarle, researcher of the Institute.
26280	21	To contribute to the knowledge in this field, the Cnr-Irpi has a high mountain research focus that concerns both the role of climate and geomorphological evolution in the predisposition and injection of instability processes in cryospheric environments (nees, glaciers and permafrosts), and the integration of high-frequency monitoring systems for the characterization of instability phenomena in the ice area.
26280	23	The “Instability”
26280	25	“As for the first aspect – adds Chiarle – we have implemented and placed online a record of high-percentage instability events (https://geoclimalp.irpi.cnr.it/catasto-frane/): the data set analysis highlighted how in 85% of cases the events are associated with some temperature anomaly and how the role of positive temperature anomaly increases from spring to winter, and with the share and volume of the event.”
26280	27	As regards the monitoring systems, Daniele Giordan explains that the research activities carried out in collaboration with the Safe Mountain Foundation and the Austin Valley Region have led to the construction of the Open Sky Laboratory of the Grandes Jorasses, where the Planpincieux glacier and the Whymper seracus are followed with a worldwide unique monitoring system.
26280	29	This monitoring system has enabled in the years to acquire a significant amount of information on the dynamics of the Planpincieux and the Grandes Jorasses glaciers, on which it was based the development of a risk management protocol on the possible collapse of significant portions of the two glaciers.
26280	31	The researcher Daniele Giordan adds “the open-air laboratory of the Grandes Jorasses is a virtuous example of collaboration between research and territory management institutions; born from a need for civil protection, the laboratory is also a space where to do high-level research based on the most technologically advanced systems, whose results are used in the development of new monitoring techniques and in the irrobustering of the site management protocol.”
26280	33	The director Tommaso Moramarco, director of the Cnr-Irpi, concludes: “The Cnr-Irpi therefore has a know-how and data set on glacial risks of fundamental importance to assess the danger in high mountains. Such knowledge may be useful to the country for the drafting of national guidelines for the assessment of glacial risks, with particular attention to the effects of climate change in place, to the training of citizens and to the disclosure, in order to know and live the high mountains safely.
26280	35	This is added to the scientific and technological know-how of the Cnr-Irpi that put it at the forefront in the monitoring of unstable glacial bodies. All this knowledge is made available to the decision-making bodies and the government of the territory to do everything possible so that tragedies like the Marmolada do not have to repeat.”
26281	1	For Italian households, the price rise is a $9 billion rise.
26281	3	It’s a good idea for you to be able to find out what you’re going to do.
26281	5	The price rise caused by the war in Ukraine will cost Italian families almost 9 billion euros in 2022 only for food spending, due to the inflation effect that affects mostly the weakest categories.
26281	7	This is what emerges from the Coldiretti analysis, based on the Istat data on Italian consumption and the trend of inflation in the first six months of the year, broadcast on the occasion of the National Assembly in Palazzo Rospigliosi, Rome.
26281	9	This year it will cost Italian households 1.97 billion more, and precede on the podium bread, pasta and rice, with an aggravation of 1.65 billion, and meat and salumi, for which a expenditure is estimated to be more than 1.54 billion than in 2021.
26281	11	On the fourth place the fruit - continues Coldiretti - with 0.92 billion, precede milk, cheese and eggs (0.78 billion), fish (0.77 billion) and oil, butter and fat (0.59 billion) which is the category that in the first six months of 2022 saw the prices run more.
26281	13	Additionally, the categories “mineral waters, analcological beverages and juices”, “sugar, confections, honey, chocolate and sweets”, “cafe, tea and cacao” and “salt, spices and food for children” are reduced.
26282	1	Orlando, the main minister protected by Napolitano and rival of Calenda
26282	3	How did a communist leader, without art or part, escalate the PC, then the Pds, then the Ds and finally the Pd to become three times the minister? The mystery...
26282	5	And the minister Andrea Orlando. It is one of the greatest mysteries of the Italian Republic. It is protected by Napolitano, now it also prosperes under Letta.
26282	7	The scenario is the mythical of those that are still called “Fest of Unity.” We are in Caracalla, an atmosphere that knows for centuries, immersed in the shocking afah of the Roman Augustine nights. Through the tables you can still see the carbonates and salsicces, the castle white wine, the picky olives, the household bread and that strapaesana atmosphere to go to Ostia of the 1950s white and black films with Alberto Sordi (who among other things had a beautiful villa right here).
26282	9	Suddenly, however, the people stop the wrath and raise their eyes. Talk to him. Speak to Andrea Orlando. A Olympic eco, from the Institute of Light’s cinegornal, revolves from the graceful popular speakers by magnetizing the attention and raising the adrenaline of the militants.
26282	11	“We have an extraordinary situation, we have to give a clear message. This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money, and you’re going to get a lot of money. I am calling a call to Calenda: Give a calm.” And what happened? It even speaks of “exceptional situation” and one immediately thinks of war, Covid, mafia, world hunger, atomics, and he speaks of Calenda.
26282	13	This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get to know what you’re doing. Therefore, the adventurers, animated by that cynical Roman spirit of who has already seen everything in three thousand years of History with the S majuscule, regain and don’t go on it anymore. Some compassionate people try on the stage to scratch their microphone, but he – inspired by the historic location – does not mould his “Calendiade”.
26282	15	In the end, the microphone is brutally shut down as only the heirs of that popular partitone who was the communist know how to do, all simulating an inexistent technical failure. This happened yesterday evening and it’s just a point to talk a little about what is now the new “O Minister” once appellative of Paolo Cirino Pomicino.
26282	17	Andrea Orlando (53) is one of those mysteries of the Italian Republic that when historians will study this period they will not be able to solve. Carneade makes him a big buff. In fact, how can a very dark communist leader, without art or part, escalate that monolith that was the PCI, then the PDS, then the Ds and finally the PD to become for three times the Minister, first the Environment, then the Justice and now the Work, in addition to the pluriDeputate?
26283	1	Migrants used as a weapon from Russia. “Shooting in Italy by the Wagner Group”
26283	3	From the ports of Libya controlled by the brigade of Russian fighters are leaving much more scales than in the past two years. Salvini: “We’re in the comics”
26283	5	“Migrants pushed to Italy by the Russians of the Wagner Group.” Salvini: “We’re in the comics”
26283	7	The immigrants used by Russia as a pressure tool on Italy and Europe. This is stated in an opening article of the Republic today, in which it is claimed that “from the ports of the Cirenaica controlled by the brigade of Russian fighters are leaving much more scales than in the past two years. To put our country and Europe under pressure.”
26283	9	According to the Republic, “from the coast of Libya under the control of the Haftar militias supported by the Russian mercenaries of the Wagner Group are leaving much more migrants than in the past two years. They jumped from two areas in particular—the coasts near the ports of Derna and Tobruk—which were sleepy.”
26283	11	“Libya is a cannon targeted on the election campaign: immigration is the most powerful weapon for those who are interested in destabilizing and, therefore, interfering with the September vote.” “Our intelligence services had launched the first alert just a few weeks after the war in Ukraine: the Kremlin can use its influence in Cyrenaica to increase the departure of asylum seekers. In June, a new alert, more circumstantial.”
26283	13	And the Republic always concludes: “In the last days, in concomitance with the crisis of the Draghi government, the signs collected from the ground have no longer left any doubts. The rubin was opened. And to benefit it will be those who seek consensus throwing the spark of the invasion of migrants in front of the voters: in primis, Matteo Salvini.”
26283	15	"Salvini said: “For the left, Putin would push the barcons full of clandestines toward Italy. We are at the comics, the fear of losing the chair makes bad jokes,"" the league leader said. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do."
26286	1	The left that screams to the black danger is a film already seen: Italians have discovered the trick
26286	3	For many years, the left is the non-right. In the absence of ideas and programs, he dilates in what he is skilled teacher, i.e. denigrating, insulting and trying to infanticate with all the means available the political opponent, the right. This is the only way to get a lot of money and get a lot of money and get a lot of money.
26286	5	It is she who holds the majority of the consensus, she who will undoubtedly be the trainer for a paved victory of the central right, she who with determination, consistency and ability has come to be the first Italian party.
26286	7	This the left fails to accept it and since it has fallen the government Draghi has plunged into a massacre struggle to try to throw shadows on those who took all the light.
26286	9	Fortunately, among the progressive rows there are voices that don’t align with the fairy tale of a left that is showing its total political inconsistence.
26286	11	The more he wants to warn voters from the danger of “fascism” with a winning right driven by Meloni, the more he demonstrates the emptiness of ideas and programs on which the electoral campaign would be legally concentrated.
26286	13	But the truth is that today the left being dominated by a sovereign chaos, seeks in the “sovranism” the enemy to be destroyed.
26286	15	A few days ago, the journalist of the Republic, Michele Serra, who immediately married the diligent campaign against Giorgia Meloni without saving her titles and photos of such a violence and volgarity worthy of quarterly journalistic tests, wrote: “It is not appropriate for the left to insist on antimelonism as the foam of the electoral campaign. Let you suspect that you are talking about the enemy while not saying what you want to combine with friends.”
26286	17	Finally, a progressive signature that with clear objectivity told its own to end it with insults and put ideas in the field, whenever they can find them of course.
26286	19	The most authoritative Italian signature, the twice director of the Corriere della sera, son of the director of the Unit, director of the Press, chairman of the RCS books, highly appreciated by Eugenio Scalfari who took him on the Express, Paolo Mieli, made his voice feel toning during the Agorà Summer program this morning.
26286	21	Here are his words:
26286	23	“Everyone else to talk about fascism, to insinuate that with Giorgia Meloni the fascism is re-represented because in some sections there is the black baron..A history already written we have seen for the campaigns in Rome... now it will run a judicial investigation where it will find that in such sections there is one who has the buste of Mussolini, who made the Roman greeting.
26286	25	These things make color so they will remark on the international press. But do you really think that there is someone in Italy who wins Meloni, Berlusconi and Salvini think that fascism is back or something that looks like him?
26286	27	The center-left can be fooled if some judge pulls out someone who has made the Roman greeting for 2 or 3 days, dancing on the newspapers and abroad for this matter, for them everything can make a game. I think it is not true. Separating the two issues and making a modern campaign is absolutely effective. There will be soon the march on Rome and insinuing that there are subliminal events related to Fascism including my newspaper, it’s painful, mortificating for the intellectuals who borrow it’s harmful.
26286	29	It is not necessary to open a debate on fascism and Meloni because I am very convinced that Meloni will not stumble any fascist regime to win the elections.
26286	31	It is absurd to talk about it.”
26286	33	We make the treasures of the words of this great signature and let them keep the freedom to continue to do disinformation and diligence.
26286	35	The Italians have discovered the toy.
26287	1	The 5 Stones and the Relations with Moscow. The newspaper reveals the true “Putin’s friends”
26287	3	"Relations with Moscow and foreign policy burn the Italian election campaign. After the buffer launched by the pages of the newspaper La Stampa, on the links between the League of Matteo Salvini and a official of the Russian embassy to bring down the government of Draghi, already soundly denied by Salvini that he called it ""fake news"" followed by the sub-secretary Gabrielli who pointed out the outerity of the secret services in the case, the Journal reveals who are ""the true friends of Putin""."
26287	5	The case Russia-Salvini is just a fake news. “No foundation,” the denial that makes noise
26287	7	"If Salvini has to clarify in the appropriate places what the relations between his party and the Moscow embassy are, even the 5 star would have something to explain. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. Just the leader, recalls The Daily, last June received an endorsement from Moscow Ambassador Sergey Razov on no to weapons in Kiev. But going back in time, Conte should remember that when he was Prime Minister ""he praised ""Putin's friend"" and agreed with him for the discussed mission of the Russian military in Bergamo martored by Covid. And then there is Beppe Grillo, who in 2017 in an interview with the French weekly Journal du Dimanche said: “International politics needs strong men like Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.”"
26287	9	This is the Russian case for Salvini. The rejection of the secret services
26287	11	"But there is also the former Grill of the Battista, who could return to the Movement for the next elections, just returned from a trip to Russia to make reports for The Daily Fact. “On the network are still photos of Battista and Di Stefano smiling alongside the two most faithful of Putin Robert Shlegel and Sergey Zheleznyak. And it is to say that only two years have passed since the Russian annexation of Crimea and the consequent sanctions to the damage of the Crimea,"" the newspaper explains, questioning the found Atlantic faith of the sub-secretary to the Farnesina Manlio Di Stefano. “Only a few years ago, the right arm of Luigi Di Maio was the head of the putinism to the Italian. In June 2015, the former deputy greener spoke to the House of Representatives about the 2014 Europeanist revolts in Kiev: “A coup of state funded by Europe and the United States.” Today, his words are sinist about a Ukrainian government headed by “neonazist counties.” And again, Di Stefano two years later was the protagonist of an expedition around Moscow to participate in the congress of Russia"" just along with Di Battista."
26287	13	And again, the newspaper continues, also Chiara Appendino, the former mayor of Turin was a usual visitor of the Economic Forum of St. Petersburg. But returning to today to the Five Stars you might wonder if it’s true that among the “papable to apply to politics in the lists of the pentastellates there are names such as those of Alessandro Orsini and Michele Santoro. Both are opposed to military aid to Ukraine and accused of philoputinism.” Finally there are also the former grill Vito Petrocelli, throwed by the Chairman of the Senate’s Foreign Commission for its positions near the Kremlin and Senator White Laura Granato, who said after the war in Ukraine said that “Putin is fighting a battle for all of us.”
26288	1	Climate change is destroying human health. The Terror of Walter Ricciardi
26288	3	Climate-sensitive diseases account for approximately 70% of global deaths, of which cardiovascular diseases make up the highest percentage (32.8%). It is one of the data contained in the report “The climate change in Italy: the impact on human health and the adaptation processes. The Italian scenario in the light of the document Climate Change Is A Health Crisis”, carried out by the Italian Institute for Planetary Health (IIPH), an International Breath Institute, born in 2019 by the collaboration between the Institute of Pharmaceutical Research Mario Negri IRCCS and the Catholic University, which aims to safeguard human health byining healthy our planet.
26288	5	The research emphasizes how the impact of climate change is strongly harmful to human health and well-being, and highlights how Italy, in the European context, both at the moment the country that is paying the highest price as confirmed, for example, the data on fires: in 2021, in fact, Italy was the country in the Ocse area with the highest number of fires registered: 1.422. After Turkey, our country was the second country with a burned surface of 159.537 hectares. This is numerically the highest data recorded in the last decade. From fire to heat waves, the data does not change. In 2020, Italy saw one of the highest increases in temperature throughout Europe, with +1,54 C compared to the average of the period 1961-1990 and continues to surheat faster than the global average. These numbers, also confirmed by the increasingly alarming data related to the victims of climate disasters, which in Europe has exceeded the number of 650,000 cases in the past 50 years, have urged health experts to launch an alarm to the Institutions.
26288	7	According to Walter Ricciardi, Ordinary Professor of Hygiene and Preventive Medicine at the Catholic University of the Holy Heart in Rome, “the United Nations Climate Change Report, published two months ago, has been silent. It has not been heard in Italy, but it’s strange, we’re seeing it these days, because our country is one of the countries most affected by climate change and the one that needs more urgent interventions. Italy is the country that has had the largest number of fires in Europe, the second in the world, and that has the highest desertification, as we are seeing from the drought of the Po, from the difficulty of irrigating the Planura Padana. It is the country that is experiencing the most waves of heat, which is seeing the emergence of new infectious diseases from carriers, there are already 3 dead for West Nile Fever, a disease transmitted by pigs, who are returning to infest important parts of our territory. It is important to fight this climate change, we have solutions but are largely ignored, even because this has a huge impact on the mental health and well-being of the population.”
26289	1	I think it’s a good thing to do, but I think it’s a good thing to do.
26289	3	"This is a very short and smoking campaign. From the left rain crossed, broken and violent attacks against the center-right. Favorites are Giorgia Meloni and Matteo Salvini. The Returns? Fascism, Russia, black wave, democratic danger and all the range we know well. The fear is that the court may soon move, always very ""attentive"" to the elections in Italy. A thought that accompanies Alessandro Sallusti, director of Libero, and Paolo Mieli, signature of the Corsera: both, in fact, have prophesied a ""judicial booth"" for the end of August. And in this sense, from the prosecutors, they begin to filter the first discretions. We will see."
26289	5	"Meanwhile, Meloni responds to the allegations of the left. Not so much to those that hit her and the party whose leader is, Fratelli d'Italia, but to those that hit the voters of central right. Now, often painted as ignorants, denigrated, diminished: the eternal, insuppressible and unbearable complex of superiority of the left. The complex that, it must be said, condemns the left to the perpetual defeat: as Matteo Renzi says, to catch a name from the butterfly, make the electoral campaigns not on the content but on how ""bad"" the opponent is a losing strategy."
26289	7	It was said, the melon. The FdI leader has launched on Twitter a short video that shows it to Versiliana, in Marina di Pietrasanta, in Versilia. In the course of a meeting, it is just against the power hegemony of the left, very different from the cultural hegemony. “I do not accept the story that whoever is not of the left is not worth anything and whoever votes in the mid-right is an analphabet. There is no need for a party card to deserve something and I want to return pride to all the people who, for years, have had to hide to get where they wanted,” tweeted Giorgia Meloni releasing the images that you can see here in the foam.
2629	1	For the “grand reset” hole, the war will make us greener. 
2629	3	The patron of the World Economic Forum brings out another book, a receptor of banality with one “narraction”: The complots, among the many negative sides, have at least one positive: they are interesting, sometimes even fun. The plans for the conquest of the world drawn up by the secret societies throughout history – no matter how evil – are still fascinating, rich material for documentaries and book surveys. Yes, the ideas of Klaus Schwab, the founder of the World Economic Forum (WEF) and theorist of the Great Reset, have not even that value. They are of a disappointing banality. Well, it’s not even conspiracy, because Schwab doesn’t make a mystery of anything, puts everything black on white on a page, exposes his vision of the world and his epocal change plans in books that have very broad spread. It’s like a man hides his plot in the light: his toms are so tired that it comes to abandon reading after a couple of pages, so getting what he has in mind is really a business. We have to make ourselves strong, prevent the eyes from closing and try to make ourselves wide between the mountains of fuff that Schwab accumulates without remorse.
2629	5	This is valuable for the last volume signed together with the researcher Thierry Malleret, just arrived in the Italian library and titled La grande narrazione (Franco Angeli). It is the follow-up of The Great Reset and, if possible, it is even more terrible. According to the authors, this is “a call to collective and individual action.” The central thesis is fast-mind exposed on the first page, and the almost 200 remaining are completely useless. Schwab explains that “if we want to ensure a better future for mankind, the world must be more resilient, more equal and more sustainable.” As you see, nothing different from what you can read daily in the so-called mainstream media. And in fact, the tomo is a kind of condensate of the prevalent amenities, in some way the author seeks to track the boundaries of the “unitary thought”, providing a very lightweight ideological turn to the various politically correct predicers.
2629	7	The whole wisdom is pervased by a stomachful exhibition of good feelings. Schwab displays the contours of a humanity that lives in peace, respects the environment, balances the balance of social justice, responds compactly to the various crises that are manifested. It is the proverbial “paradise on Earth” that all progressists and revolutionary gnostics have proposed since the beginning of time. In fact, the variation on the topic provided by Schwab is grotesque, for example when it suggests to hold “courses of empathy” to stimulate human solidarity.
2629	9	Under this narrow patin, however, the annoying aspects arise. The first is the core principle of the Great Reset: “Change is always painful, so we should take advantage of the fact that we are in a critical conjunction to implement the necessary measures that can correct most of the things that have gone wrong for so many years in the past.” In short, it is about exploiting the crises, rather than provoking them in order to print fundamental events to humanity. The catastrophes can facilitate the realization of the Fourth Industrial Revolution (the technological and digital), since “the bigger the problem and the more serious the threat, the more motivation is to cooperate to find a solution.”
2629	11	Small disadvantage: Schwab often talks about cooperation, but the purpose of such cooperation has already been decided by him (or who for him), and there is no possibility of discussion. It is necessary, without or without but, to make the green turn, to make the whole system sustainable: “The ‘green’ changes needed throughout the economic system [...] are, in fact, the only possible history of growth, because a long-term history of high-carbon growth is no longer possible.”
2629	13	Sustainability therefore. “Sustainability is normally defined as the ability to meet our needs without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their needs.” Crystal: the system based on the desire and satisfaction of mostly induced needs must remain standing, it simply needs to re-calibrate the human beings so that the banquet hards longer, and even the future generations have their place on the table. It touches to adapt, in turn, to give up something and get used to the shocks. We need to be resilient, because “the pandemic has strengthened the importance of resilience: the ability to prosper even in periods of adversity and to recover from difficult circumstances.” Resilience is the ability to suffer in silence, without complaining.
2629	15	Among the main enemies that the sympathetic Klaus quotes in the book there are, not by chance, populists and no vax. “Populism tends to be negative for sustainability: there is a strong correlation between populism and climate skepticism; populism leads to power the demagogs, who then offer too simplified solutions to complex problems.” As for the critics of the health regime, “the powerful anti-science movements extend the phase of the slow decline of the Covid pandemic by obstructing both public health and, more substantially, our ability to move forward to the union.”
2629	17	What is Schwab’s proposal? In a generic progressism admitted by noble instances on collective and individual well-being, which in reality becomes an uncontrastable boost to cut emissions and the green turn and to increase the presence of technology in our lives.
2629	19	To illustrate this vast program (now being applied), Schwab inter- calls dozens of experts around the world, many of whom belong to the liberal universe. They are useful in building the “great narration” that is at the heart of the new work of the head of the Wef. Following the lesson of language philosophers who think not to re-design reality by changing words, Schwab explains that “a new world is emerging (not a “new normality”) whose contours will largely be defined by the speeches that will develop to track the way to follow.” As charming, the narratives begin to conquer the minds, to guide the public opinion, and to put the change into practice without using the iron stick.
2629	21	Of the functioning of this method we had numerous evidence during the pandemic: a predominant speech is built, and it is imposed on the population. Whoever contrasts it (the already mentioned populists and no vax) must be demonized and marginalized. It works like this with the war in Ukraine, and it is interesting that Schwab just yesterday hosted Volodymyr Zelensky at his home in Davos. The President of Ukraine, in fact, has shown that he manages the power of the narrative properly. For the occasion, Zelensky asked to increase the sanctions on Russia and to block the oil procurement. In particular, he invited the present in Davos to “participate in the reconstruction” of his country. And he concluded with an effective phrase: “I hope that each of you will be able to wake up in the morning asking: what can I do for Ukraine today?” Interesting question, to which you can also change toward, formulating it from the point of view of Schwab.
2629	23	Since the crisis serves to accelerate the change, we may have to ask ourselves: “What can Ukraine do for the Fourth Industrial Revolution and the green turn?”
26290	3	The invasion is served. There are no 40,000 irregular landings on our coasts from 1 January to today, 11,000 more than last year, the triple in 2020 and ten times that in 2019, when Matteo Salvini was Minister of the Interior. No: Italy in fact of indiscriminate welcoming can, but above all, must, do more. The decision was made by the European Court of Justice, with a judgment intended to inevitably intensify traffic on the Mediterranean highway, whose summary is this: NGO ships can no longer be blocked in the ports of arrival unless “evident danger to safety, health or the environment.”But attention: in the “security” does not include the number of people on board, even if the number of migrants is much higher than the limit permitted on the staircase. The only limit will be the hygienic-sanitary conditions on the ship, but on the ship arrived those will now contain very little, and yet (see the article below) the NGOs are also removed from those and continue to get immigrants with Covid off despite the ban imposed by the local authorities. In fact, since yesterday, the kidnapping of large NGOs ships is becoming much more difficult.
26290	5	The judgment arises from the case that in the summer of 2020 it involved the Sea Watch 3 and 4 ships inspected by Italian authorities in the ports of Palermo and Porto Empedocle (Minister of the Interior Luciana Lamorgese): during the checks irregularities were found and from there the stop was taken. Sea Watch 4 was blocked in Palermo for six months. The German NGO owner of both ships had applied to the Sicilian Tar, claiming that the Capitaneries would have violated the EU Directive 2009 of 2016, exceeding the powers of the landing state. The Tar was then addressed to the European Court of Justice, which ruled that the directive should be interpreted on the basis of the rules of international law starting from the Convention on the Law of the Sea, which establishes the “obligation to help people in danger.” The head of Sea Watch said: “It’s a victory. The ships will continue to do what they know and have to do: to help people, and not to remain locked in the port for arbitrary and pretextful decisions. The arbitrary controls – the NGO reiterated – must be over.” To make the judgment even more controversial is the fact that only once the migrants are landed the arrival state will be able to start the inspection of the ship and the compliance with the safety rules in the sea. Then it is emphasized what should be a negligence, but that in fact it is not: in the event that the inspection detects irregularities, the State can take the actions it considers necessary, as long as “adéquate and proportionate”, and if a ship hit a foreign flag follows the principle of loyal cooperation between the two countries, which must cooperate and coordinate according to their respective powers.
26290	7	The spokesman for the European Commission, Anitta Hipper, immediately said that the EU “acts the judgment of the Court of Justice” and that Italy will have to apply it, penalty the opening of an infringement procedure, as the lawyer Fulvio Vassallo Paleologo immediately highlighted in an article on the site of the Association of Rights and Borders: “All damages for the unjustified administrative stop, protruded even for months, will be refunded to the damages of the NGO ships.” Then the political attack of the lawyer, who teaches at the University of Palermo, who has defined “illegal the closing measures of the ports adopted by Salvini when he occupied the Viminale that now wants to take over.” Salvini, standing at the lawyer Vassallo Paleologo, had “the obvious purpose of dissuading and criminalizing humanitarian aid in international waters, so as to leave free space for the kidnapping interventions in high sea, spaced for rescue, operated by the authorities of the sedicent Libyan Coast Guard supported by the Italian authorities with funding and military missions in Libya.” This is the most important part of the world’s economy, and the most important part of the world’s economy. They celebrate the shelters. They celebrate the NGOs, with the highway (the sea) scattered. 26291
26291	3	IT attacks against Taiwan’s government sites, Chinese ships and military aircraft that cross the median line of the Taiwan Stretch, the line that ideally divides the island from the land, and exercises that continue to keep Taipei up. Two days after Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan, the “vengeance” of Beijing, which had immediately announced “serious consequences”, has not been placed.
26291	5	The serious consequences have materialized with immense military maneuver in six maritime areas, then become seven, near what the Dragon considers a “rival province.” In recent hours, the Taiwan Defence Ministry issued a note in which it informed that military means of the Chinese armed forces have rebounded the median line of the Taiwan Stretch, speaking of “highly provocative” maneuver.
26291	7	“From 11:00 p.m., subsequent waves of Chinese aircraft and war vessels conducted exercises in the Taiwan Stretch and crossed the medium line of the Stretch,” the ministry said in a statement. Taiwanese defence analysts believe that the large military exercises undertaken by Beijing could constitute the general proof of an armed blockade of the island. Some hypothesize a much more complicated invasion.
26291	9	Cyber attacks on Taipei
26291	10	In addition to the aforementioned Chinese military exercises, Taiwan must make accounts with multiple computer attacks against its government websites. According to the South China Morning Post, in the early hours of Friday 5th August the Ministry of Defense and Foreign Affairs sites were gone offline, unless then back online.
26291	12	Ping-cheng, a spokesman for the Taiwan government, explained that the traffic of cyber attacks detected these days from Taipei was about twice the number recorded in past attacks. “The peak was Tuesday and the attack traffic was 23 times the previous,” Lo said, adding that the targets of recent cyber attacks on government departments included Taiwan’s presidential office and other ministries.
26291	14	The authorities of the island, however, have assured the population by informing them that they have launched a response mechanism to strengthen the protection of the sites. At the moment there would not be any risks to the security of confidential information. The attacks were obviously not claimed but in Taipei the feeling is that they are part of the Chinese reaction to Pelosi's visit.
26291	16	Military exercises and diplomatic protests
26291	17	In the first day of the exercises, the Chinese army launched at least 11 Dongfeng missiles towards Taiwan, in the waters around the northeastern and southwest coast of the island. Beijing has also sent hundreds of fighters and bombers to the area.
26291	19	The Chinese public broadcaster Cctv, citing Meng Xiangqing, a professor at the National Defense University, explained that the aforementioned maneuver was also involved in nuclear submarines and a training of ports of Chinese forces. However, it is not clear whether Liaoning and Shandong, the two ports available to China, are actually taking part in the exercises. The positions of the two ships were not and are not known.
26291	21	In the second day of the exercises, Friday, August 5, the Chinese agency Xinhua emphasized the use of drones by the Chinese army. The drones were used to acquire images of missiles that accurately hit targets deployed in the Taiwan Stretch. Meanwhile, Japan announced that on Thursday, 4 August, two unmanned aircraft – identified as a recognition drone BZK-005 and a recognition attack drone TB-001 – headed towards the Eastern China Sea.
26291	23	In Beijing, Deputy Foreign Minister Deng Le, responsible for European matters, called a series of European diplomats to protest against the statements of the G7 Foreign Ministers and the EU High Representative on Taiwan. Deng spoke of a “political provocation” for the Chinese side and a “fake signal” sent to the “separatist forces in Taiwan.”26292
26292	3	An unprecedented military exercise. The island has been flooded several times. Bombs on Japanese waters
26292	5	At 12 a.m. China gave way to the greatest military exercises ever done around Taiwan, which are eventually even disfined in Japan's waters. It is the response to the visit to the island of President of the American Chamber Nancy Pelosi. Pelosi said his presence made “unquivocally clear” that the U.S. “will not abandon” a democratic ally like Taiwan. His trip triggered Beijing’s angry reaction that promised “punishments.” A proof of strength, while tensions continue to rise in the region: yesterday a total of 22 Chinese hunting briefly crossed the informal medium line that divides the Taiwan Stretch. The Ministry of Defense of Taipei has detected eight J-11, twelve Su-30 and two J-16, and said it has, according to the protocol, “activated the air defense systems, launched the jet and launched warning messages.” The official Chinese media reminds that these are “wide-scale military and training maneuveres” which include the live launch of artillery and missile strikes into six off-limit maritime areas to navigation and survole. The joint maneuver was extended from Sunday 7 August to Monday 8 until 10 p.m.
26292	7	The Global Times, the English-language newspaper near the Beijing regime, said, citing various military analysts, that the maneuver is “unprecedented” and that the missiles would have surpassed Taiwan for the first time. This was confirmed by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. “It’s the United States that has caused the trouble, the crisis, and that tensions continue to increase,” he said. The G7 joint statement on Wednesday called on Beijing to avoid “aggressive military activity” due to the risk of “unnecessary escalation” and “not to unilaterally change the status quo with force.” The apparent U.S. provocation, with the visit to Taipei of Pelosi, “ha created a bad precedent if it is not corrected and contrasted,” Wang added. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Beijing then called on the ambassadors of the G7 countries, including Italy, and the EU to “express the most complete disappointment” on the statement signed by the chiefs of diplomacy with strong criticism of its military exercises.
26292	9	China has therefore taken the fault of the escalation to the US and its allies. The ministry of Defense of Taipei said: “We will support the principle of preparing ourselves for war without seeking war.” U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken from Phnom Penh, Cambodia, where he is to participate in the ASEAN summit. “The United States is opposed to any unilateral effort to change Taiwan’s status quo, especially with force. The U.S. policy on the island has not changed,” he reiterated and stressed that “stability of the stretch is in the interest of the entire region.” Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: “Tensions in the region around Taiwan have been artificially provoked.” “We – he continued – understand perfectly who provoked it: Nancy Pelosi’s visit. It was completely useless and a unnecessary provocation.”
26292	11	On the ground the situation is becoming increasingly burning. Reporters of the press agency Afp have observed missiles thrown by the Chinese army towards the Taiwan Stretch. The reporters were on the Chinese island of Pingtan, a few kilometers from the ongoing maneuveres, and according to their witnesses, the obies were shot from sites near military installations. And as if not enough five ballistic missiles launched by the People's Liberation Army were dropped into Japan's exclusive economic zone. The Defense Minister Nobuo Kishi said it was the first episode of this kind: “This is a serious issue that concerns the national security of our country and the security of people,” he said. Tokyo also presented a diplomatic protest to the Chinese government.
26293	1	Sustainable Finance and EU Taxonomy: What Changes?
26293	3	The taxonomy of the EU changes the sustainable finance. Let’s see how
26293	5	The European Parliament promoted the Sustainability Taxonomy introduced by the European Commission, led by Ursula von der Leyen, in early July. With this move, the Strasbourg semi-cycle has led to the entry into force of a proposal that aims to track a net hole. Giving, therefore, a definitive picture of what is considered functional for the sustainable development of the Old Continent and what does not belong to that scope in the economic activities promoted within the Old Continent. This also has great impacts on sustainable finance, a field where Brussels wants to play as a protagonist.
26293	7	The impact will be significant, in particular, in ensuring that companies and financial institutions that promote the issuance of sustainable bonds, “green” products and budgets dedicated to the ESG criteria have an increased degree of uniformity. It emerges from the Tasonomy the desire to strengthen two European plans related to the Sustainable Finance: on the one hand, the Sustainable Finance Action Plan; on the other, the complementary Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, which aims to promote an increasing level of transparency. Since 6 July, the day of approval, only economic activities that openly contribute to one or more of the six environmental objectives are defined as sustainable in a unique and unambiguous form. These include: climate change mitigation of the economic system; adaptation of strategic sectors to climate change; protection of marine and water resources; transition to a circular economy; pollution prevention; protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.
26293	9	"Now for the operators the biggest burden will be to understand how to optimize feedback on the topic. In Italy, the Forum for Sustainable Finance has taken a position since the beginning of the reform process on the field of the new Taxonomy and ""monitors carefully the progressive development of the European Taxonomy, which is a valid tool for the classification of sustainable investments to indicate greater transparency and disclosure. This is an important measure that, however, will be able to deploy its positive potential if it takes into account the boundaries and will increase the opportunities for sustainable finance,” said Forum Secretary-General, Francesco Bicciato."
26293	11	In the recent study Taxonomy of the EU and other regulations on sustainable finance: implications for financial operators, the Forum for Sustainable Finance emphasized that, in this perspective, it is necessary to have “clear and consistent data” to make the difference to allow an enterprise a precise reporting of its activities. In this sense, it will serve to maintain the current level of deformity in the burden imposed on each enterprise in relation to sustainability: on the initiative of the European Parliament of the Brothers of Italy Raffaele Stancanelli last spring the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence (Csdd) directive with which the EU wants to complete the set of policies aimed at regulating the energy transition agenda to normalize the management of the sectors reconditioned under the criteria of environmental, social and governance sustainability, prodomic to Tassonomy, was amended to promote small and medium-sized enterprises. CSDD essentially provides several levels of obligation for enterprises in reporting sustainability budget activities that will be more stringent only for enterprises with at least 500 employees and 140 million euros of revenue.
26293	13	"Thus, the nature of taxonomy is best perimetrated and, above all, the strongest link is offered to binding, in substantial form, transparency on sustainability and financial transparency, which is especially required to those companies that point on the ESG criteria to go on the capital markets. Companies covered by Taxonomy will have to account for the turnover, capital investments and operating costs related to the activities that are part of Taxonomy and this, noted by the Sustainable Finance Forum study, can allow investors to ""analize the companies taking into account their environmental impact and the decarbonization projects. Furthermore, greater availability of information will support both the self-evaluations of companies regarding their risks and climate impacts, and the investor dialogue with invested companies, and will allow greater transparency regarding the financial instruments that are proposed to sustainability goals.” First among all green bonds that can be issued only if really such, therefore well defined in the objectives and prospects. But in this perspective, Taxonomy can also contribute significantly to the fight against corporate greenwashing. It is a European priority on which taxonomy offers a further spoon. The game will be complex and companies will definitely have to be careful about internal accounts to return only what is relevant to the activities of the Taxonomy. But it represents the first step towards a common standard that is vital to obtain when it comes to sustainable finance and investment on the subject."
26294	1	The climate movement cannot remain just a story of boys.
26294	2	75 million: is the number of over 60 in the United States. They are more than the entire Italian population, they vote in large numbers and own two-thirds of the country’s financial resources. That’s why Bill McKibben founded a new movement, called Third Act, aimed at mobilizing the elderly.
26294	4	The Boomer? The idea could be translated in this way: reboot the most abused phrase in the history of the social, because the fight against climate change also needs the elderly, the baby boomer generation and the next, the “silent generation.” The ideologist and organizer of this anagraphic expansion is a sixteen who has crossed every phase of American environmentalism: the founder of 350.org – an international environmental organization based in New York – Bill McKibben. 
26294	6	“I’m old enough to remember the first Earth Day, in 1970, the public request for a change that led to the first ecological protection laws in the United States and the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency. Then, cyclically, the movement expanded and restricted depending on the context and retained its tendency to relax after a positive cycle. When the climate became the central issue, the basic environmentalism actually no longer existed, it was recreated by a new generation, in Europe and in the United States: Sunrise movement, Extinction rebellion, Fridays for the future. But now it is not enough, because the structure of the status quo resistance is too powerful.” 
26294	8	That's why McKibben, writer, journalist and activist, founded a new movement, called Third Act, third act, explicitly aimed at mobilizing people over 60. Third Act seeks the right channels and languages to talk to them, to bring them to the demonstrations, to make their attention to the climate and the environment visible, adapting activism to the rhythms of age. 
26294	10	“Third act” because the first were the great battles for civil rights in the United States, but in Italy we could talk about ‘68 or the victories to the referendum that changed society in the 1970s: a historic moment in which it was common for people to participate in the public life around them. The second act was the return to the private, the return to the consumer society of the 80s and 90s, the end of the history translated on an individual scale. The third, for that boomer or silent generation, must be the time of political abandonment, according to McKibben: to face together with the grandchildren to create the social and electoral critical mass necessary for the fight against climate change. 
26294	12	The key number, according to McKibben, is 75 million. They are over 60 in the United States. “I am more than the entire population of France. And they vote in large numbers: in 2020 they were 44% of all those who went to the seats. They also own two-thirds of the country’s financial resources, against five percent of the millennials. It means they’re a piece of society that both Washington and Wall Street are forced to listen when they move: they have the resources, have the forces, have the time to do so, and very often they also have grandchildren, and they’re increasingly worried about them.” 
26294	14	In summary, the climate movement must cease to be just a story of boys, even because, as McKibben says, “It is morally unacceptable to only leave on their back the weight of such an important battle.” 
26294	16	America is traveling to the midterm elections, climate action is blocked in Congress by the Democratic non-majority on environmental issues, because Senator Joe Manchin votes with the Republicans on this topic, and is also standing on the executive plan by the Supreme Court's judgment, which has given a very limited interpretation of the powers of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
26294	18	It is in this scenario that the challenges for the individual electoral seats will be decisive, and will be the first test base for the Third Act movement, which Bill McKibben founded a year ago exactly thinking about such meetings: pushing the 70 million American elderly to vote candidates not supported by the fossil fuel industry and with the desire to restore the decarbonization in the United States, stalled by the war, inflation and political weakness of the president.
26295	3	Russia’s aggressiveness is alarming the Scandinavian island, looking for greater security just like Sweden and Finland. For Brussels it would be a strategic gap between the Atlantic and the North Sea, a area where it lost influence after Brexit.
26295	5	Icelanders are increasingly interested in the European Union. According to a survey conducted by the Gallup Institute, 47% of citizens are in favour of accession to the European Union, the highest in the last 12 years, while 33% are opposed. The sympathy for Brussels has grown over time: in 2010 only 26% of Icelanders wanted to join, while in 2014 the data was increased to reach 37%.
26295	7	The acceleration in recent months is linked to the Ukrainian crisis and the pursuit of greater security with the membership of the EU blockade. The same happened in Finland and Sweden, which have submitted applications for membership in the NATO. Iceland is already part of the Atlantic Alliance and is on a parallel path.
26295	9	The benefits of a possible Iceland’s accession, for Brussels, are not related to the energy scope, i.e. one of the most delicate topics in the Ukrainian dossier. Reykjavik has natural gas and oil reserves and therefore could not increase EU reserves, favouring a reduction in dependence on Russia.
26295	11	To make Iceland strategic is its position, crucial to control the maritime routes that guarantee access to the Atlantic Ocean and the North Sea. The crises between the West and Russia have given new importance to that quarter of the world, forgotten after the end of the Cold War. Moscow intends to take advantage of it to expand its naval and submarine fleet’s range of action while the European Union has lost its positions after Brexit.
26295	13	Relations between Iceland and Russia have also worsened after Reykjavik’s decision to join the EU’s sanctions against Moscow.
26295	15	Iceland is deeply integrated with the Union because it is part of the European Economic Area, the Schengen Area, participates without the right of vote in certain programs and agencies and consults with the Union on foreign policy, frequently aligning with its positions in international affairs and participating in the civil peacekeeping missions that are established.
26295	17	In July 2009, after a financial crisis and early elections, Iceland submitted an application to become a member of the European Union for the first time. The consultations had produced government changes with the approximation of the Conservatives of the Independence Party and the Europeanists of the Social Democratic Alliance.
26295	19	Membership in the EU was seen as a way to end the crisis through the adoption of the euro and as a logical choice to have greater decision-making power in the European policy.
26295	21	However, the scenario changed quickly. Iceland has rapidly recovered from the crisis while the EU has broken down, complicating bilateral relations as well.
26295	23	The general elections of 2013 ended with the victory of the Progressive Party (which despite its name is a political force of center-right) and the Party of Independence. Prime Minister Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson said that “the government would interrupt the negotiations between Iceland and the European Union and that these negotiations would not be restored until a referendum is held.”
26295	25	The Progressive Party was opposed to the negotiations because it feared that membership in the Union would compromise the control of the fishing reserves by Reykjavik. Iceland has one of the most modern and productive fishing industries in the world and to maintain sustainable fish reserves and protect the marine ecosystem, annual quotas are fixed that impose a maximum limit on the activities in this sector.
26295	27	The Ministry of Fisheries, as recalled by the Bbc in 2016, is the most important dicaster of the Icelandese government and then Minister Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson explained that “it would never choose to join the European Union” because, in this way, “Iceland would not have to share the decisions in the ICC with other 27 or 28 countries making it more complicated” and giving up the quota system, not provided by the EU policy.
26295	29	In 2015 the application for accession to the European Union was withdrawn. The 2017 consultations ended with the election of a parliament consisting of two-thirds of eurosceptic members and the formation of a large coalition government led by Katrin Jakobsdottir, the Red-Green Movement, hostile to the European Union. The executive was then restored after the 2021 elections.
26295	31	In March of this year, with the invasion of Ukraine started a few days ago, fourteen MPs submitted to the Parliament a draft law that provides for the convocation of a national referendum, which should be held by the end of the year, to ask the population whether Iceland should restart access negotiations with the European Union.
26295	33	Prime Minister Jakobsdottir showed a weak enthusiasm for this development, stating that a referendum will only take place when the majority of the members of the parliament are in favour and that at the moment Iceland should not force the hand to join the European Union.
26295	35	The problem, also highlighted by Jakobsdottir, is that the majority of Parliament, which consists of 63 seats, is not in favour of the referendum but only the Social Democrats, the Liberal Party and the Pirates.
26295	37	The Pirate Party is an anti-establishment movement formed in 2012 in response to the collapse of Iceland’s banking system after the 2008 financial crisis. It is a populist political force, from anarchist, liberal and anti-copyright trends, in favour of direct democracy, increased transparency by companies and the nationalization of natural resources. In some aspects the program of this party reminds that of the Italian 5 Star Movement a few years ago. Not the most reliable group to make such relevant decisions.26297
26297	3	Globalization, as we know it, is intended to change with the pandemic before and the Russian war in Ukraine after. From supply chains to supply chains
26297	5	The Covid-19 pandemic, the severe interruptions of maritime transportation (such as the case of the Ever Given ship crushed in the Suez channel or carried them containers for the war in Ukraine), the rise of populist nationalism and the growing tensions between China and all its main commercial partners, led experts to proclaim the death of globalization. However, what is expected is not a less globalized world.
26297	7	The advent of the Coronavirus demonstrated more than other events the fragility of the global supply chains and printed a substantial acceleration to the so-called “deglobalization” trend, a term that technically means “the overcoming of globalization through the incentive of local markets.”
26297	9	Deglobalization and slowbalization
26297	10	Globalization should therefore not be understood as something extreme, a deflagration of globalization that has characterized the world economy for 40 years, but as what the Economist has called slowbalisation, or a slowdown in the trends of economic and financial integration between countries.
26297	12	Instead of withdrawing, globalization is taking a form for broad traits unknown even to analysts.
26297	14	“In just over three decades, millions of families around the world have been able to buy cars and TVs, clothes and air conditioners for the first time. Many of these consumer goods are mainly produced by “low-cost” factory in Asian countries, but they use resources ( raw materials) from other countries: this is the type of activity that we think about when we talk about “globalization”. Since production has moved from Europe, North America and Japan to China, Vietnam and Indonesia, the prices of many consumer goods are today lower than they were at the beginning of the century,” said Mohamed EL-Erian, president of the Queen’s College in London, who held the International Monetary Fund a conference entitled “Navigating the New Normal in Industrial Countries”.
26297	16	To decree the beginning of globalization is therefore the disappearance of these trends that supported globalization. In North America, Europe and Asia, the population is growing slowly – or decreasing – and aging rapidly. In almost all middle and high-income countries, fewer new families are formed and older families buy fewer goods and are more likely to spend on travel and vacation.
26297	18	Efficiency vs Resilience
26297	19	The pandemic has only been the last – although the most impressive – of a series of events adversely to the globalized model. There are obvious geopolitical issues, of which the war in Ukraine does not end. But at the center of globalization there are the geopolitical tensions between China and the United States and, in general, the dependence relationship (including Europe) that has established itself with China, the “world factory” for antonomy: “In addition to these difficulties of economic policy, there is then the topic of energy, which not only translates into the growth of the accounts for private citizens, but has significant consequences on the production and costs of companies. In addition, it tends to forget how disruptions in the supply chain due to natural disasters, caused by the climate crisis, result in billion-dollar losses in the form of production stops and lack of revenue,” writes Marc Levinson, economist and historian of Economist and Independent who on the topic just published the book “The Box”.  This is due to the complexity behind the supply chains, so the managers themselves have difficulty monitoring their developments, if not in certain cases, to have full knowledge of them, making them a lack of preparation in terms of risk management, i.e. risk management.
26297	21	The Role of Technology in Globalization: No, It's Not What You Think
26297	22	Even technology – it seems a paradox, but you’ll see that it’s not so – is leading globalization, because it limits trade. For example, economist Marc Levinson said in an article on the latest May issue of the Economist: “In 2021, all automotive manufacturers have announced significant investments in electric cars. It may be a great news for the environment, but it will have a negative and in many cases fatal impact on the tens of thousands of companies that are part of the supply chains of the automotive houses: the average electric vehicle has several thousand pieces less than a vehicle with internal combustion of similar sizes.” But there is not only this case, rather told by the newspapers also in Italy: consumers, around the world, no longer need stereo installations – the market increasingly more than niche – when they can buy streaming music services on their smartphones. As for, in many countries more than a fifth of the investment is currently destined to research, software and other intangible expenses rather than to machinery and equipment. Updating industrial facilities often means downloading software instead of replacing hardware, which further hinderes factory sales. Innovations such as cloud computing allow to share computers as well as bike sharing allows people to share bicycles, limiting the overall demand for this type of material assets.
26297	24	Reshoring, the “Great Return”
26297	25	A passage in the wisdom of Professor Mohamed EL-Erian makes an effective summary of how globalization is changing “switching” towards “deglobalization”: “Global production is becoming gradually less important for the global economy, even for this reason it is seen a phenomenon of reduction of labor employed in factories in those countries – often in Southeast Asia – where the production chains in recent years had been delocalized. As a step towards this phenomenon, we are witnessing the exponential growth of automation that eliminates (or slows down) the few signals of “return” (reshoring) of industrial production, from “low wage” Asian countries to “high wage” in Europe and North America. On the contrary, EL-Erian believes, there are considerable evidence that manufacturers and retailers are trying to keep the risks under control, diversifying the sources of supply of key components and finished products, instead of producing everything in giant plants located in Asia. For a multinational company, it is likely that an export-oriented factory to Mexico or Morocco will integrate, rather than replace, a factory in China.”
26297	27	Is globalization really over?
26297	28	Globalization is in decline and governments (including the Italian) are granting subsidies or eriding customs barriers to protect the markets – after the trumpet policies, the last case is India that blocks grain and sugar exports – to the benefit of domestic producers. But if the globalization of manufacturing production has a lower weight than before, the globalization of products that physically do not cross the boundaries is more important than ever. “Today – concludes Levinson – banks sign loans in one country, approve bureaucratic practices in another and refund payments in a third. Industrial companies and software companies give life to research centers around the world, turning many individual research projects into international initiatives. It will be interesting to observe the new space race, which is going forward according to the logic of globalization. Today, finally, a British book publisher can easily address a reporter in Pakistan and a film can be filmed and produced in Chile and sold from or on streaming platforms, or on them, anywhere, translating dialogues into multiple languages, also using artificial intelligence.
26298	3	The Italian people have never voted for abortion or to have the PD in the government. However, it is with six million Italian children killed and the PD in the government for ten years. This is the state of liberal democracy.
26298	5	The popular referendum on free abortion was voted by a large majority. The law that was approved provided for abortion only for ‘therapeutic’ purposes, i.e. in case of risk for mother and child. It was completely disappointed. This is because Italy was swallowed before it was filled with ‘they’.
26298	7	They want genocide by other means. The means is immigration. They first prepared the camp with killer and criminal laws such as abortion: they created a vacuum and then filled it.
26298	9	The pervertites, the cuckolds of the reception, highlight the ‘meticated’. Bishops, supposedly intellectual and political.
26298	11	It is a genocide project. The contemporary equivalent of the Wannsee Conference. Only that this time the new Nazis, the corrupt elite to power, are not aimed at the final solution against one people, but against all peoples. No longer through the extinction, but through the ‘meticated’.
26298	13	We are in the presence not of a political project, but of a new religion, unique and global, which no longer aims only to souls, but also to the biological identity of the individual. He does not want to convert, as all monoteistic religions naturally aim to do, but to change the individual on the biological level: so that there can no longer be any resistance to Globalization.
26298	15	Their goal, and it can also be found in NGO funders like Soros, is to create a humanity without identity. A ‘brown’ mass racially indistinguished, sexually confused and therefore intellectually incapable of rebelling. But be careful: they, the elite, will not blend. They will remain racially pure and will dominate, as it has been in South America for centuries, a mulatted global society.
26298	17	They must be stopped. All peoples must rebel to this final solution. It is not a simple political battle, it is a last-blood war for our existence.
26298	19	On the 25th of September, those who do not vote for the PD. for the open doors. for more immigrants. for our extinction. Everything else is the ideal world.26299
26299	3	German media: It is already obvious that Russia is building a new world order
26299	5	Russia, Turkey and Iran are trying to expand their influence on the planet. Over the past five years, the leaders of these countries have repeatedly met in tripartite meetings and discussed various issues. A recent summit similar to Tehran is a clear confirmation of the intensification of cooperation between them, writes the German newspaper Handelsblatt.
26299	6	“The signal from these negotiations was clear: the Western countries are gaining rivals and losing influence on serious geopolitical issues,” the author convinces.
26299	7	Demirjan stressed that Russia, represented by President Vladimir Putin, is actively creating a new world order, while the West observes it impotent and cannot overcome it in international isolation.
26299	9	Therefore, the observer noted that, despite the sanctions, Tehran has recently actively expanded its international network of contacts and that Ankara is playing an increasingly important role in negotiations for the resolution of major crises.
26299	11	The journalist noted that the heads of Western states became employees from countries to which they did not pay attention before.
26299	13	“The unity shown during the meeting was more than a found policy of public relations. The West should not underestimate it,” he said.
26299	14	Moscow, Tehran and Ankara have not the same interests on some issues, but at the meeting the presidents discussed more cooperation and sought to find ways to solve the problems. The Russian Federation and Iran have signed a $40 billion gas deal.
26299	15	In addition, the Iranians have expressed their support for the Russian NGO in Ukraine.
26299	17	At the same time, Turkey and Iran want to quadruple their trade turnover, including through oil and gas agreements. Ankara also plans that in the future it will be able to pay gas supplies in Russian rubles and Turkish lira, without using the U.S. dollar and the EU euro. Real progress has also been made in the export of Ukrainian grain through the Black Sea at a time when the European industry is afraid to face the next gas-free winter from the Russian Federation. The EU is dependent on Russian energy supplies, with Western sanctions that have a low impact on the Russian economy.
26299	19	The Tehran summit demonstrated a real unity, not a policy by Action PR suitable for the camera. Therefore, the West must understand that not all countries in the world have the same attitude towards what is happening, for example, in Ukraine. In particular, the majority of the Turkish population is sure that the responsibility to trigger this conflict lies on the NATO.
26299	21	This approach is valid not only in relation to the Russian Federation. The sanctions on Iran are not enough as Tehran continues to work on its nuclear program. With its sanctions, the West only causes hatred to itself.
26299	22	The media concluded that it was time for the Western countries to admit the obviousness and regain cooperation with those states that the Western people consider “isolated.”
263	3	Rome, 22 April – More and less people are concerned about the climate, at least according to Istat data. This is the story of Greta Thumberg. But we know, in that show business that is today the information, the modes go and come.
263	4	According to the Istat’s Report on Fair and Sustainable Welfare (BES), in 2020-2021 it has recorded an inverter trend in Italy compared to concerns regarding climate change. By 2019, the percentage of people, aged 14 years above, who believed climate change and increased greenhouse effect were the main environmental problems, was growing. In recent years this percentage has risen from 71% to 66.5% in 2021.
263	5	If, on the one hand, these numbers remain relevant, on the other, such a decrease cannot pass unnoticed. More than in recent years, the propaganda on this topic has been to say little martelling. The symbol of mainstream attention and a little relief to environmental issues was Greta Thumberg. The small Swedish activist had become a global media phenomenon, while today it seems disappeared from the scene. In these times of spectacularization of politics and information, even news has their vital cycle. The battle of opinion that before seemed very important quickly leaves space to something else. A follow-up of waves, in which a single topic tyrannels and cannibalizes everyone’s attention and then ends in the forgotten. So the environmentalism had to give the step to more shocking topics. Before the Covid, today the war in Ukraine, tomorrow it knows.
263	6	A frozen shower for all those who thought the green economy was the battle of the future or for those who had Greta Thumberg’s poster in the room. In addition, the environmental season remains more than the more or less successful attempts of the so-called green wasching, that is, all those ways by the companies to capture new markets giving them a more ecological image.
2630	1	The grace to the narrative Covid
2630	3	COVID Update: What is the Truth?
2630	5	The COVID-19 pandemic is one of the most manipulated infectious disease events in history, characterized by official lies in an infinite flow led by government bureaucracies, medical associations, medical councils, media and international agencies. We have seen a long list of unprecedented intrusions in medical practice, including attacks on medical experts, the destruction of medical careers among doctors who refuse to participate in the murder of their patients and a massive abuse of health care, led by unqualified individuals with enormous wealth, power and influence.
2630	7	For the first time in American history a president, governors, mayor, hospital administrators and federal bureaucrates are determining medical treatments based not on accurate scientifically-based information or even experience-based, but rather to force the acceptance of special forms of care and “prevention”, including remdesivir, use of respirators and, finally, a series of RNA messenger vaccines essentially not tested. For the first time in the history of medical treatment, the protocols are not formulated on the basis of the experience of doctors who successfully treat the major number of patients, but rather individuals and bureaucracies who have never treated a single patient, including Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, EcoHealth Alliance, CDC, WHO, state public health officials and hospital administrators.
2630	9	The media (TV, newspapers, magazines, etc.Medical companies, state medical commissions and social media owners have self-established themselves as the only source of information about this so-called “pandemia”. The websites have been removed, highly accredited clinical doctors and experts and experts in the field of infectious diseases have been demonized, the careers have been destroyed and all dissense information has been labelled as “disinformation” and “dangerous lies”, although from the top experts in the fields of virology, infectious diseases, pulmonary intensive therapy and epidemiology. These truth blackouts occur even when this information is supported by broad scientific quotes from some of the most qualified doctors specialists in the world. Incredibly, even individuals, such as Dr. Michael Yeadon, a former retired Chief Scientist and vice president of the scientific division of the UK pharmaceutical company Pfizer, who accused the company of producing an extremely dangerous vaccine, are ignored and demonized. In addition, he, along with other highly qualified scientists, stated that no one should receive this vaccine.
2630	11	Dr. Peter McCullough, one of the most cited experts in his field, who successfully treated more than 2,000 COVID patients using a early treatment protocol (which the so-called experts have completely ignored), was the victim of a brutal assault by those who benefit financially from vaccines. He published his results on peer reviewed magazines, reporting a reduction of 80% in recovery and a reduction of 75% in deaths using premature treatment. Nevertheless, it is under an unreasonable series of attacks by information controllers, no one of which treated a single patient.
2630	13	Neither Anthony Fauci, the CDC, the WHO nor any government medical institution has ever offered any early treatment other than Tylenol (paracetamol alias Tachipirine), hydration and call an ambulance once you have trouble breathing. This is unprecedented throughout the history of medical care as early treatment of infections is essential to save lives and prevent serious complications. Not only these medical organizations and federal dogs have not even suggested early treatment, but have attacked anyone who has tried to start such treatment with all the weapons available to them: loss of license, removal of hospital privileges, shame, destruction of reputation and even arrest.
2630	15	A good example of this abuse against freedom of speech and the provision of information on informed consent is the recent suspension by the Maine Medical Committee of the medical license of Dr. Meryl Nass and the order to submit a psychiatric assessment for prescribing Ivermectin and sharing his experience in this field. I personally know Dr. Nass and I can guarantee her integrity, brightness and dedication to the truth. His scientific credentials are impeccable. This behavior by a medical license council reminds the methodology of the Soviet KGB during the period when dissidents were imprisoned in the psychiatric gulags to silence their dissensus.26301
26301	2	"The tenant commander of the chemical, biological protection forces against the radiation of the Defense: ""The impression is that the pandemic is artificially enhanced with new variants released in one region or another"""
26301	4	The Russian army believes that behind the Covid-19 and the bear boat could be the United States. This was stated in a press conference by the head of the chemical, biological protection forces against the radiation of the Defense of Moscow, Igor Kirillov. After pressing “the interest of the U.S. administration for the study of biological agents ‘from the restricted target’,” Kirillov said that to suggest the possible involvement of Washington is the “diversity of genetic variants not characteristic for most of the coronavirus that cause various peak incidence, significant differences in mortality and infectiousness, irregular geographical distribution, as well as the unpredictable nature of the epidemic process in general.
26301	7	"""There's the impression that despite efforts to contain the infection and isolate the patients, the pandemic is artificially enhanced with new variants released in one region or another,"" Kirillov said, ""we are analyzing the possible involvement of the U.S. Agency for International Development (Usaid) in the emergence of the new coronavirus."
26301	9	The agency has funded Program Predict, which has studied new coronavirus and collected coronavirus carrier pipistrels since 2009. Metabiota, a company known for its military-biological activity in Ukraine, is listed among the project contractors.”
26301	11	"Another U.S. company was studying the monkey boat virus, the official said. ""So we are observing a clear trend: pathogens that cause infectious diseases and attract the attention of the Pentagon, develop as a pandemic, while U.S. pharmaceutical companies and their sponsors, the leaders of the U.S. Democratic Party, are the beneficiaries of it,"" Kirillov concluded. "
26302	1	Estonia: Government Decides to Remove All Soviet Monuments From Public Spaces
26302	2	"The head of the government said that ""their number is between 200 and 400."""
26302	4	The government of Estonia has decided in favour of the removal of all Soviet monuments from the public spaces of the country. The prime minister, Kaja Kallas, said that their number is between 200 and 400. “The most important decision has been made. The Soviet monuments must be removed from public spaces and we will do so as soon as possible,” he said. The timing of the removal “depends on the readiness and logistics plans of the local authorities,” he continued. “It is important to clarify that commemoration of the deceased is not prohibited in any way and will not be. However, it should be made in the right place, i.e. a cemetery,” said Kallas.26303
26303	2	According to the broadcaster, several G7 officials have traveled to various parts of the world to try to form a network of nations ready to impact Moscow economically, but without finding the accession they expected.
26303	4	The efforts of the US and the G7 to obtain the greatest international support to Ukraine are not successful. The Bloomberg broadcaster writes this, highlighting how many of the G20 countries have not joined the sanctions against Russia for the invasion of Ukraine. According to Bloomberg, several G7 officials have traveled to various parts of the world to try to form a network of nations ready to impact Moscow economically, but without finding the accession they expected. “It’s an uncomfortable reality that State Secretary Antony Blinken must face during his long trip to Southeast Asia and Africa: much of the world is not ready to follow the U.S. and European efforts to isolate Russia from President Vladimir Putin.” This makes it even more difficult to reach an agreement on global initiatives as a maximum roof to Russian oil prices as proposed by the G7, encouraging Putin and his main supporter, Chinese President Xi Jinping, to pursue their respective global agenda. China represents one of the main factors in this dynamic: Beijing’s expenditure for Russian oil has grown vertiginously since the outbreak of the war: in June it spent 72 percent more on Russian energy purchases than the previous year. In this context, Bloomberg continues, China’s rivalry with the United States has an obvious weight, with the tensions that have increased this week for the House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taipei.
26303	6	A meeting scheduled for this week between China’s foreign ministers and Japan, in Cambodia, was canceled by Beijing. Japan said on Thursday that some of the ballistic missiles launched by China during the exercises near Taiwan had landed in its exclusive economic zone and presented a diplomatic protest. But Beijing is nothing more than alone in rejecting the demands to keep the Kremlin at a brake, according to Bloomberg. On July 1st, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke by telephone with Russian President Vladimir Putin and discussed how the bilateral trade exchange could be resumed. Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, the favourite in the presidential race in Brazil, attributed the fault of the race war to both Ukraine and Russia. In South Africa, President Cyril Ramaphosa has criticized Western sanctions against Moscow, while Turkey has concluded that penalizing Russia would be harmful to Ankara's economic and political interests. The recent visit to several African nations of the Russian Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, highlighted Moscow’s diplomatic efforts to gain the support of local governments, in a dynamic of “soft-power” that affects the entire continent.
2634	3	British Conservative Prime Minister Boris Johnson has announced that he has ordered the Navy to patrol the Canal of Manica in order to prevent unlawful immigrants from landing. 
2634	5	A choice that confirms, if there were doubts, the actual applicability of the naval blockage. “The announcement of conservative Prime Minister Boris Johnson – commented Giorgia Meloni – rejects again the left’s lies that illegal immigration would be impossible to stop. As always supported by Fratelli d’Italia, blocking departure and illegal immigration is possible: just want it. Will Lamorgese and company ever understand it?”
2634	7	“If the FDI proposes it is a war act, but if Britain does it, it is a legitimate act. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. If Johnson does it, Italy can do it too.”
2634	9	In recent days the same FdI leader was back asking for Lamorgese’s resignation: “In all these years – he emphasized – we have never seen a single initiative of him to try to stop the illegal immigration to Italy, with landings increasing from day to day. “Dear Minister, if you don’t have the intention (or ability) to defend our borders, remember that no one obliges you to stay at the Viminale.”
2634	11	This is the first time that we have been able to do this, and we have been able to do this, and we have been able to do this.
2635	3	With thousands of landings and arrivals with aircraft, the spread of African-Asian viruses is inevitable. If we then put this together with the moral decadence that leads a hyperactive minority to multiple anal relationships, with the exciting consensus of the system, here served the last infection alarm. Then they celebrate the day against ‘omotransbifobia’, they should stop doing certain things instead.
2635	5	“At present, there have been reports of apes flood cases in Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom and Italy, mostly in young men who have sex with men. The ECDC, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control, has activated a European level alarm system with the Higher Institute of Health. In addition, the ISS formed a task force composed of industry experts and contacted the sentence networks of the sexually transmitted infections centers in order to continuously monitor the national situation.” This is stated by the Higher Institute of Health in a note.
2635	7	Recommendations provide “to stay at home for rest when fever occurs and to contact the doctor of confidence in case of the appearance of vesicles or other skin manifestations – the experts of ISS continue – As a prevention, it is important to avoid contact with people with fever and carefully evaluate, before any intimate personal contact or sexual contact, the presence of any unusual skin manifestations (such as vesicles or other injury) on the skin of the partner. This behavior is useful in preventing not only ‘monkeypox’, but also other sexually transmitted infections.”
2635	9	“It’s an infection caused by a virus of the same family of the boil, but that is widely different from the boil itself for its lower diffusiveness and severity – explains the ISS – It’s spread among primates and small rotators, mostly in Africa. The infection is transmitted from the animal to man through the saliva and other fluids of the animal, or the direct contact with the animal. In humans it occurs with fever, muscle pain, headache, swollen lymphs, fatigue and skin manifestations such as vesicles, pustles, small crusts. It can be transmitted from man to man through ‘droplets’, contact with body fluids or with skin injuries.”
2635	11	It is possible that people who have not been vaccinated against the vaul (vaccination abolished in Italy in 1981) “were at greater risk of infection with monkeypox due to the absence of antibodies that, due to the similarity of the vaul virus with the monkeypox, can be effective in countering this virus too,” the ISS specialists emphasize.
2635	13	It is not a coincidence that the first “Italy” case of apes ship is a person arriving from the Canary Islands: islands of massive African landings. Type of lamp.
2635	15	All these viruses and diseases spread “thanks” to globalization. There is an excessively fast circulation of men from one point to the other of the globe: what happens is like the ‘system fever’, a symptom of a disease, globalization.
2635	17	It has been identified at the Spallanzani Hospital in Rome the first case in Italy of apes ship. It is a man returned after a stay on the Canary Islands who presented himself to the ready rescue.
2635	19	Spallanzani explains that “the clinical framework was characteristic and the monkeypox virus was quickly identified with molecular techniques and genetic disquencing from skin injury samples.” The person, the hospital continues, “is currently recovered in isolation in discreet general conditions” and “epidemiological investigations and contact tracking are underway.”
2635	21	It is not strange to be the Canary Islands, a massive landing area of Africans.
2635	23	Homosexuals have already spread AIDS in the West. They were their broadcasting link with Africa. It’s a good idea to be able to do it, but it’s a good idea to be able to do it.
2637	3	The North Atlantic media is involved in an unprecedented information war. This is characterized by an uninterrupted erosion of the distinction between facts and manipulation of emotions and perceptions, between concepts and unattackable truths.
2637	4	I first-personly witnessed this kind of information war in the United States during the last years of the Vietnam War and in the face of the war in Iraq, both wars led by political buffals that led to numerous war crimes.
2637	6	The manipulation of the news about Russia’s war against Ukraine aims to prevent the public from seeking lasting peace for both Ukraine and the region. The purpose of this information war is to extend the war to serve the interests of those who want to promote it. How do you know what the facts are and what the lie is, and how can you learn to explain the events without being accused of justification?
2637	7	Causes that lead to war
2637	8	To demonize your enemies, you first have to dishumanize them. They must be defined as those who have acted criminally and without provocations. I personally condemned unconditionally the illegal invasion of Ukraine, but I am still interested in how we have reached this point.
2637	9	Stephen Cohen’s 2019 book “War with Russia” It provides a thorough analysis of the relations between the United States and Russia since the end of the Soviet Union and the dynamics of these relations with Ukraine since 2013. Cohen considers the conflict in Ukraine as a “war by prosecutor”, but it has involved “a lot of trainers, assistants and U.S. and Russian fighters.” It reminds us of the war in Georgia (2008) and in Syria (2011/2020). “The risk of a direct conflict” between the United States and Russia “continue to grow in Ukraine,” Cohen wrote in his book in 2019.
2637	11	Democracy and Autocracy
2637	13	The Government of the United States (in its propaganda N.D.R.) The world is divided into democracies and autocracies. The governments considered hostile to Washington are called autocracies. For the Summit for Democracy, which took place in December 2021, the United States, for example, did not invite Bolivia, although the country had recently overcome the electoral process; in the meantime, the United States invited Pakistan, the Philippines and Ukraine, although the U.S. government claimed to raise doubts about these states (in the case of Ukraine, just a few months before, the Pandora Papers revealed the depth of corruption among the Ukrainian elite, which included President Volodymyr Zelenskyy). Since Ukraine represents the “democracy” struggle against the “Russian autocracy”, Zelenskyy was invited to the summit. The concept of “democracy” is deprived of much of its political content and is used as a weapon to promote government changes that are beneficial to the global interests of the United States.
2637	15	Real and manufactured threats to justify war
2637	17	While the exaggerated claims of Russian President Vladimir Putin on the threat of Naziism in Ukraine that he is using to try to justify his illegal invasion of Ukraine are not true, it is worth examining the paramilitary elements of extreme right and their recruitment of foreign fighters who have penetrated Ukraine. It is not unimaginable that weapons and funding by Europe and the United States of democratic-oriented Ukrainian forces, although this aid is not officially directed to prominent extreme-right militias in Ukraine, could still cause bloody confrontations. There is the risk that extreme-right extremists can take foot, even those who are not confined only in Ukraine.
2637	18	In an interview in 1998 with the OBS, previously known as “Le Nouvel Observateur”, Zbigniew Brzeziński, National Security Adviser of former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, said that in 1979 the U.S. “consciously increased the likelihood” that the USSR invaded Afghanistan, in the hope of giving the former Soviet Union “their war in Vietnam.” Similarly, in February 2022, former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told MSNBC that she hoped that the United States would do to Russia in Ukraine what they had done to Russia in Afghanistan.
2637	20	NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said that this war “may last long, many months, even years,” which would have made alarms raise among European political leaders. The consequences of a second Vietnam-style war by Russia could be disastrous for both Ukraine and Europe. Russia, which is part of Europe, will not be a threat to Europe unless Europe becomes an enormous U.S. military base. Therefore, NATO expansion is the real threat to Europe.
2637	22	Two standards for accession to the International Pact
2637	24	Transformed into a simple resonance box for U.S. strategic choices, the European Union supports the right of Ukraine to join NATO as a legitimate expression of universal (and European) values, but not therefore less universal. At the same time, the United States has intensified integration with Ukraine, as seen in the US-Ukraine Charter on the strategic partnership of November 2021. The question is whether European leaders are aware that the recognition of Ukraine’s right to join a military pact like NATO is denied to other countries by the United States.
2637	26	Although European leaders are aware that the United States denies this right to other countries, it will not make any difference, given the state of militaristic surprise in which they are. So, for example, when the small Solomon Islands in the Pacific approved a preliminary security agreement with China in 2021, the U.S. responded immediately and with alarms by sending high security officials in the region to stop the intensification of the competition for security in the Pacific.
2637	28	The truth comes too late.
2637	30	The information war is always based on a mix of selective truths, middle truths and false lies, organized in order to justify the military actions of those who promote it. I have no doubt that both the Russian and the U.S./U.S. are conducting an information war, although, given the level of censorship that is imposed on people around the world who consume this information, we know even less of what is happening on the Russian side.
2637	31	Sooner or later the truth will emerge, the tragedy is that it will inevitably be too late. In this busy beginning of a new century, we have one advantage: the world has lost its innocence.
2637	32	WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, for example, is paying a heavy price for helping in the process of searching for the truth. To those who have not given up thinking with their own heads, I recommend the chapter entitled “Language in politics”, in Hannah Arendt’s 1972 Crises of the Republic. With this brilliant reflection on the Pentagon Papers, Arendt offers exhaustive data on the Vietnam War (including many war crimes and many lies), collected on the initiative of Robert McNamara, one of the main actors responsible for that war, who was also defense secretary under two presidents during that period.
2637	34	Silence
2637	36	When armed conflicts occur in Africa or the Middle East, European leaders are the first to demand the cessation of hostilities and declare the urgent need for peace talks. Why then when there is a war in Europe, the war bubbles strike continuously and not a single leader asks them to be silent and to hear the voice of peace?
2638	3	At least since 1997, with the entrance of the Baltic countries into the NATO, the Pentagon had already identified the plan of further approach to the Russian borders, preventing an inevitable conflict with the Kremlin. Ukraine could only be the last step. However, between yesterday and today there is a direct difference that complicates the strategy of the States. The Eltsin Russia colonized by the West and owned by speculators who had depreded the enormous state heritage of the USSR was a military nano. Today, the bear is the largest atomic power.
2638	5	The States, however, do not disappear, though, aware of the opponent’s war armament, especially in these recent years he has made captain among the soldiers, more than among the politicians, the due prudence. 
2638	7	What we want to prevent is the slurry between Europe and Asia, the political, economic, trade unity that, thanks especially to the Chinese Belt and Road (the Way of the Sette) and the sharing with it of Asian and European countries, not as tablets but as protagonists would determine the new center of the world economy, open, in a multipolar dimension, to Africa, to all the Americas, to the Ocean.
2638	9	What we want from the Western Empire, better known as the Empire of Terror and Lies, is the ostinated defense of a unipular world governed by the United States and its Anglo-Saxon and European provinces. I was expressed in this way in a library 7 years ago. That was the day when the sunset of an era of history was observed.
2638	11	"The 2014 coup of state since the beginning of the war against the Ukrainian people. The Nazis give themselves to the hunt of man, especially if of linguistic minority (not only the Russofon). They distinguish themselves, calling themselves to their hero nation Flag, Fuhrer's sodal, in the pogroms, in the linchings, in the checking, in burning the opponents alive... in the silence of the EU and the Italian government... they lead themselves against the ""reds"" of Crimea... they bomb the Donbass (more than 3,000 dead) in the silence not only of the European governments but also of those who blame their pacifist being."
2638	13	As the Russian armies move, the Nazi war has already killed 14,000 people.
2638	15	If one thing can be done to the Russian government it is not to be moving adventurely but not to be too late before the crimes of Zelensky and his nations.
2638	17	The unknowns of this strongly desired war by NATO and complices are dramatic because the old world still well in shell could prefer nuclear conflict rather than take a step back and get to a serious negotiation that leads to a neutral, sovereign, democratic Ukraine.
2638	19	The uncertainty of the EU leaves out. The sanctions will be terrible for the European people, not for the Russians, who in the east are affected by a much larger market than the European, with a territory with billions of people, rich in mineral and food energy resources. The ridiculous sanctions against Russia have indeed strengthened cooperation between Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and the People's Republic of China and accelerated the initiatives for an alternative financial system to the Swift governed by the United States. With India, the trade in rubles and rupies is in progress. Iran also favours the de-dollarization with its own currency. Gold or Renmimbi can now be proposed as a planetary alternative to the dollar as an international reserve currency or anyway as a reference base currency. The nations that have not shared the sanctions against Russia (4 billion people) will be able to soon opt for a financial system that is not strict and politically controlled as the current and is therefore more free in political and trade relations.
2638	21	The Minister of Foreign Affairs Lavrov in the last public appearance was accurate and ambiguous about the breakdown with the Anglo-Saxon financial systems.
2638	23	This will obviously not be without inevitable compromises that will last decades.
2638	25	And the Europe. Let me say it. Wealthy Europe, without gas and with poor food supply. The German Chancellor, poor star: take away everything but not the Russian gas, which also benefits the Italian colony. Gas from the United States? With the gas? And how much do they want? What about the regains? They would need at least a fifth. Where are the money? Loans from the States? The dollar is okay. But it will not be tomorrow because the U.S. and NATO have prepared the conditions of a financial catastrophe with Reset, Pandemia, austerity, war that will be – I think – much worse than that of 2008-2009.
2638	27	It will be a tragedy for the people. But I think that this scary combination should be the point to pay – usually it will be said – for the transition from the one-polar system to the multi-polar system...
2639	1	Communist regimes and health dictatorships: the same history, the same end
2639	3	The health dictatorship will fall exactly as the communist dictatorship has fallen. It will fall first in a symbol country (indovinate which) and then – for an inexorable domino effect – in all the others. Just as in 1989, the USSR's implosion determined the dismantling of its faithful satellites. And probably there will be some symbolic event, such as the collapse of the Berlin Wall. Per by a metaphor. It may be the wall of lies on which the altars of the god Vax and the churches of his priests were erected. Whatever it is, that will happen. We can predict it with reasonable certainty for a simple reason. And that is for the extraordinary similarities between Communism and Covidism, between Communism and Panvaccinism.
2639	5	Think about us. In both cases, we are facing a form of idolatry for a pseudoscience. Marx was convinced that he identified the unavoidable laws of becoming historical, precise and “matematic” (in their reverse) as the law of gravity. Similarly, covidiotics and ultravax believe in a “science” (where doubt is banned and abortion debate) based on criteria exactly opposed to those on which true science is based. For the Communists, it has never been a problem to know “if”, but only “when”, there would be the final triumph of the proletariat. Similarly, for ultravax it has never been a problem to guess “if” the vaccine would favour the emergence of grape immunity, but only with “what” percentage of vaccinated.
2639	7	For the Communists, if the reality did not accomplish its infallible forecasts, the forecasts would not be changed, the reality would be adulterated. In the same way, for the covidists if the dead “of” covid, at the beginning of the pandemic, were not enough to raise bastively fear, the dead “of” covid should also be counted in the maze (there were positive revelations after a road accident). As for the ultravax, if the infected and recovered are increasing at dismissal compared to the Messianic expectations of vaccine “salvation”, then there is a problem of “number”, the “contoxes” must be rebuilt, the “parameters” must be modified.
2639	9	However, there was no tolerance to the “dissidents” of communism. They were demonized or even eliminated. For Covidioti and Ultravax, the viral and vaccine monopensier rhinites are a green flame to shoot with cannons. Or worse, subhuman to whom to deny even the universal right to health still today guaranteed to the most wicked (enemies of their own health) and the most ferocious criminal (enemies of the health of others).
2639	11	Finally, Communism was by vocation, “negative.” Until he was able, he denied everything: from the police nature of the overseas regimes to Stalin’s millions of deaths. Similarly, covidiotics deny the usefulness of treatments and ultravax the existence of side effects.
2639	13	In short, only using the political and historical category of communism it is possible to decrypt and decode the otherwise untouchable foolishness of current times.  In addition to its aberrant declinations: the suspension of doctors from the service, the indiscriminate pointing to minors, the prejudical hostility to care.
2639	15	For an unpleasant irony of fate (but it’s not a case), the Covid is born in the territory of an ancient communist dictatorship, while the line of obsessive rigorousness and idiot fanatism blossoms, in our country, especially because of a partition of malignant communist tradition (expression of the Minister of Health).
2639	17	In all this, one, but not a small consolation. At least in the West, communist regimes and health dictatorships have the same genesis and praise the same history. It will also be the end.264
264	3	In the Neolingua of the Orwellian Atlantic colony of the Sultanate of Draghistan, the war is called peace and to it, it is enough to turn off the thermophones and air conditioning.
264	4	"In fact, the Sultan of Draghistan has passed from his already miraculous “Don’t vaccinate, die and let you die” to the same laconic and tranchant “Do you prefer peace or air condition?” It sounds like “fire the air conditioned and kill a Ukrainian child.” It is not important that even a two-year-old child may notice the lack of logical connection between air conditioning (then implicit sanctions aimed at not buying Russian gas) and a negotiation to peace with Russia. Logica would want that in order to obtain what in the Italian paleo-lingua was called “peace” it would be necessary to create a climate of distance to foster the dialogue that hardly can be obtained with sanctions or, worse, by sending weapons to one of the two factions in conflict. But – obviously – the overseas masters don’t want this, and the sultan of the Draghistan colony – along with the crown of its other European counterparts – obeys incurantly the disastrous economic, social and ( hopefully never) military consequences. Always in Orwell’s school, and as in the case of the previous emergency (or better to say “state of exception”) Covid, the state and the press must generate fear and hatred for an enemy so, to fight it, it will need to obey. So, while in the case of Covid the enemy were (and by inertia they are still) the “no-vax”, now the enemy is a “adversary” country that is such by the will of who commands. ""Putin is worse than an animal"" according to the very diplomatic and very prepared head of the diplomacy of Draghistan - the end strategic that the world envy us - Luigi di Maio. Against this terrible monster that, according to the narration of the globalist propaganda, one day – rising from the bed – for noya decided to invade the confining Ukraine, therefore we must send weapons to destroy it. There is no difference between the Constitution of the Republic of Italy and the Art. It says that “Italy rejects war as an instrument of offending the freedom of other peoples and as a means of resolving international disputes.” And, of course, it’s unfortunate to those who, like Professor Orsini, wonder why this conflict has come. It’s hard to say that the cause may have been the progressive ‘approximation’ operated by the NATO, the persecution of the Russofon in Ukraine by neo-Nazi battles (now painted by Western propaganda as peaceful Kantian philosophers) inning the Nazi collaborator Bandera (which also appears on the francobolls), or that the ‘Orange revolution’ has been funded by the ‘filantropist’ Soros and his fellows[2] (completed!). The propaganda of Draghistan is simple, it is “for dummies” (trad. “A bad dictator named Putin has invaded a free, happy and democratic country to kill women and children!”; a bit like the conditioner and peace."
2641	1	The crisis in Ukraine does not affect Ukraine. This is about Germany.
2641	3	The crisis has nothing to do with Ukraine. It is Germany and, in particular, a gas pipeline that connects Germany to Russia, called Nord Stream 2. Washington considers this gas pipeline a threat to its primate in Europe and has sought to sabotage the project to the end. Nevertheless, Nord Stream 2 has gone forward and is now fully operating and ready for use. As soon as the German regulatory authorities issue the final certification, they will begin gas delivery.
2641	4	German household owners and will have a reliable source of clean and cheap energy, while Russia will see its gas revenue to increase significantly. This is a favourable situation for both parties.
2641	6	The establishment of U.S. foreign policy is not satisfied with this development. They don’t want Germany to become increasingly dependent on Russian gas, because trade creates trust and trust leads to expanded trade. As relations are warming, trade barriers are removed, regulations are relieved, travel and tourism are increasing, and a new security architecture is put in place.
2641	8	In a world where Germany and Russia are friends and trade partners, there is no longer the need for U.S. military bases, expensive missile systems and weapons manufactured by the U.S. or NATO. You do not need to make energy transactions in U.S. dollars or store U.S. Treasury securities to balance your accounts. Transactions between trade partners can be carried out in their own currencies, which is intended to precipitate a strong decline in the value of the dollar and a dramatic shift of economic power. For this reason, the Biden administration is opposed to North Stream 2.
2641	10	This is not just a gas pipeline, but a window to the future, a future in which Europe and Asia will unite in a wide area of free trade that increases their mutual power and prosperity by leaving the United States apart.
2641	11	The consolidation of relations between Germany and Russia announces the end of the “unipular” world order that the United States has watched over the past 75 years. A German-Russian alliance risks to precipitate the decline of the superpower that is approaching the bar. That’s why Washington is determined to do everything to sabotage North Stream 2 and keep Germany in its orbit. It is a matter of survival.
2641	12	This is where Ukraine is in the game. “Ukraine is Washington’s favorite weapon to silence the North Stream 2 and create a county between Germany and Russia. The strategy is drawn from the first page of the U.S. Foreign Policy Handbook, under the title: Divide and Conquer. Washington must give the impression that Russia represents a threat to European security. This is the goal.
2641	13	They must prove that Putin is a bloody, caprice and unreliable aggressor. To this end, the media was commissioned to repeat again and again obsessively that “Russia is planning to invade Ukraine.”
2641	14	What is not said is that Russia has not invaded any country since the dissolution of the Soviet Union, that the United States has invaded or revoked regimes in more than 50 countries in the same period, and that the United Statesins more than 800 military bases around the world. Nothing of this is by the media, instead, the focus is on the “bad Putin” that gathered about 100,000 soldiers along the Ukrainian border, threatening to precipitate all Europe into a new bloody war.
2641	16	All this hysterical war propaganda is created with the intention of producing a crisis that can be used to isolate, demonize and finally divide Russia into smaller territorial units. But the real goal is not Russia, but Germany. See this extract from an article by Michael Hudson on The Unz Review :
2641	18	The only way left to American diplomats to block European purchases is to push Russia to a military response, and then to pretend that the revenge for that response prevails over any purely national economic interest. As the Deputy Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland explained during a press conference of the State Department on January 27: “If Russia will invade Ukraine, in some way or in some way, North Stream 2 will not advance “1.
2641	20	It is written in black and white. Biden’s team wants “to push Russia into a military response” to sabotage the North Stream 2. This means that there will be a kind of provocation intended to drive Putin to send his troops beyond the border to defend ethnic Russians in the eastern part of the country. If Putin bats, the response will be fast and severe. The media will denounce this action as a threat to Europe, while world leaders will denounce Putin as the “new Hitler.” This is Washington’s strategy in a few words, and all this stage is orchestrated for one purpose: to make it politically impossible for German Chancellor Olaf Scholz to get the North Stream 2 through the final approval process.
2641	22	Given what we know about Washington’s opposition to North Stream 2, readers might wonder why, at the beginning of the year, the Biden administration made pressure on Congress to not impose further sanctions on the project. The answer to this question is simple: internal policy. Germany is on the way to dismantle its nuclear power plants and needs natural gas to fill its energy deficit. Furthermore, the threat of economic sanctions is a “fired” for the Germans who see it as a sign of foreign interference. Why do the United States interfere with our energy decisions? The average German. “Washington should do its own affairs and not interfere with our own.”
2641	24	This is the statement of Al Jazeera:
2641	26	The majority of the Germans support the project, only parts of the elite and the media are contrary to the leodot.
2641	28	“The more the United States speaks about sanctioning or criticizing the project, the more it becomes popular in German society,” said Stefan Meister, an expert in Russia and Eastern Europe at the German Council for Foreign Relations.
2641	30	The public opinion therefore strongly supports the Nord Stream 2, which helps to explain why Washington has chosen a new approach. With the unfunctioning sanctions, Uncle Sam has passed to Plan B: creating an external threat large enough to force Germany to block the opening of the gas pipeline. To be honest, this strategy knows of disappointment, but it must be affected by Washington’s perseverance. They may be below 5 points along the trail, but they have not yet thrown the sponge. They will give themselves a last chance and see if they can make progress.
2641	32	On Monday, President Biden held his first joint press conference with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz at the White House. The clam that surrounded this event was simply unparalleled. Everything was orchestrated to create a “crisis atmosphere” that Biden used to make pressure on Chancellor in the direction of the U.S. policy. Earlier this week, White House spokeswoman Jen Psaki repeatedly said that “the Russian invasion was imminent.” His comments were followed by U.S. State Department spokesman Nick Price, who said intelligence agencies provided him the details of a fake flag-backed Russian operation that is expected to take place soon, according to the US, in eastern Ukraine. The warning of Mr. Price was followed on Sunday morning by national security adviser Jake Sullivan, who said a Russian invasion could occur at any time, “even tomorrow.” It was just a few days after the Bloomberg News agency published its striking and completely false title: “Russia invades Ukraine.”
2641	34	Can you see the scheme here? Can you see how these unfounded claims were all used to make pressure on the German Chancellor, who was ignorant and seemed unconscious of the campaign that targeted him?
2641	36	As we could expect, the blow of grace was pronounced by the same American president. During the press conference, Biden strongly stated that:
2641	38	“If Russia invades, there will no longer be North Stream 2. We will end all this.”
2641	39	So now Washington decides Germany’s policy??And then?
2641	40	What unbearable arrogance!
2641	42	The German chancellor was surprised by Biden's comments, which clearly did not be part of the original script. Nevertheless, Scholz never agreed to delete the Nord Stream 2 and even refused to mention the gas pipeline by name. If Biden thought he could force the leader of the world’s third-largest economy to put him at the corner in a public forum, he was wrong. Germany remains committed to launching the Nord Stream 2, regardless of the potential tensions in the remote Ukraine. This could change at any time.
2641	43	After all, what incentives would Washington prepare in the near future? Do you know how many lives they are willing to sacrifice to create a cune between Germany and Russia? Do you know what risks Biden is willing to run to slow down the decline of the United States and prevent the emergence of a new “policentric” world order? Everything can happen in the coming weeks. All of it.
2641	45	Germany is in a strong position. It is in Scholz to decide how to resolve the case. Will it implement the policy that best serves the interests of the German people or will it surrender to the constant pressure of Biden? Will there be a new course that will strengthen new allies in the rebellious Eurasian corridor or will it support Washington’s wild geopolitical ambitions? It will accept the central role of Germany in a new world order, where many emerging power centers equally share global governance and the leaders will remain incrustingly engaged in multilateralism.
2641	47	One thing is certain: whatever Germany decides, it will affect all of us.
2644	3	I had no expectation for Draghi. The hand blow that allowed his political rise in Italy gave a clear signal on his political program and on his self-righteousness. But I didn’t think it would fall as low as these days. Today in Montecitorio was no longer clear who was the comic between him and Zelenski.
2644	5	To say “Italy wants Ukraine in the EU” is just the beat of an old actor on the sunset road. The impact on the reality of this positioning is zero. Only Father and Father can believe us. The newly-developed journalism in fact feeds with such stupidities, which in the rest make the pair with the regression of political discussion to the friend/enemy scheme.
2644	7	No one is delighted that all of this is at zero cost. Do not believe that there will be no consequences. The world is much bigger than those who think there is only the West. And the brand of country credulone in the hand to a cry of comic vigliacks and political nails will remain attached to the image of Italy you know for how long.
2646	1	The masks are made of plastic. And this is a problem.
2646	3	It is estimated that by 2020 approximately 1.6 billion weapons used and thrown into the oceans, more than 4 million per day. By the end of 2021, the world had generated approximately 8 million tons of COVID-related plastic waste, mostly surgical machinery and N95, with approximately 26,000 tons finished in the sea. Many environmental organizations, according to W. Aaron Vandiver, writer, lawyer and environmentalist of wildlife, have not realized this reality or are rejecting to talk too loud about the problem. During the first year of the pandemic, health experts and green groups told us to stick to reusable dust coatings (or to create one from an old shirt). With the rise of the most contagious omicron variant, few have talked about the environmental impacts of the N95 masks. It can be understood that the planet has gone to a second level compared to immediate concerns for human health and safety. And it didn’t help the fact that the debates on masks have become so controversial. But now that state and local governments are withdrawing mandates as the Omicron cases are decreasing, we have to start a conversation on the pollution of the machinery.
2646	5	One unfortunate but inevitable fact is that the surgical masks and N95 (and individual protection devices and test kit) are single-use or, in the best of the cases, double or triple-use plastic. The surgical masks and most respirators are made from polypropylene, a synthetic plastic fiber that, like all plastic, is generated from oil. Although they can and are often used more than once, experts do not recommend wearing them for more than two or three days, says Vandiver on grist.org.
2646	7	So the 400 million N95 masks that the Biden administration has recently begun to put available to Americans, and the millions of “high quality” masks that it is distributing to children, will have a maximum of a few days of use before it ends in the dirt. From there, many will end in the discharges, where they release toxic chemicals into underground waters, or they will be burned, releasing carbon dioxide and toxic chemicals. Many others will end in the rivers and the oceans and make a way into the holes of sea birds such as the Laysan albatro, who mistakenly feed themselves of plastic and damage their pulcs. This aggravates a already alarming problem, as about 90 percent of sea birds are believed to have already ingested plastic in some form. The insidious material will also be eaten by the whales, some of whom have the stomach full of plastic waste. According to some estimates, plastic in the oceans of the world could overcome fish by 2050, a problem that masks will only make it worse.
2646	9	According to the Marine Conservation Organization OceansAsia, ocean masks can take up to 450 years to break, creating smaller plastic pieces in the process. These microplastics have an increasing impact on ocean microorganisms and accumulate in the food chain; a 2018 study found that 100% of the marine turtles examined had microplastics in the digestive system.Other thing to consider: like all single-use plastic, masks increase greenhouse gas emissions at any time of their life cycle. Masks cannot be banned like other single-use plastics, of course, but we must recognize that they have the same devastating effect. For the benefit of the planet, we must take them into account in our personal decisions about the opportunity to wear one, and politicians must take them into account and evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of the masking obligations. Environmentalists may be discouraging to participate in these disputes, but we should look for ways to use fewer plastic masks without compromising their legitimate and necessary use.
2646	10	Recycling of masks
2646	12	It might be annoying to think that we can recycle the masks, or that there is some other easy solution, but the waste management generated from plastic products is an incredibly complex global problem without “a unique solution”, according to a 2020 Pew Trust charity study. Even before the COVID, Pew predicted that the plastic pollution that flows into the oceans will triple by 2040, in the absence of major regulatory and economic reforms worldwide. Recycling does not keep single-use plastic outside the oceans, or outside the discharges and incinerators, and it is estimated that 91% of the goods produced with that stuff are not recycled at all. 
2646	14	Researchers at Cornell University have recently chosen a plan to destroy masks and other DPIs, then heat those smaller pieces to break them into useful chemicals such as ethylene, propylene, propane and butan. To significantly reduce plastic waste, this method should be implemented by states and countries on a wide scale, but this type of “chemical recycling” has been criticized for causing carbon emissions and the release of toxic chemicals into the atmosphere. It is also expensive.
2646	15	What about the N95 reusable?
2646	17	A MIT team has studied possible ways to decontaminate and reuse the N95 masks, potentially making them from silicone, but so far we have not seen such technologies implemented on a large scale and it is not clear whether they are practical solutions. The fact remains that “the single-use plastic mask is just another additional burden that we are leaving to future generations,” as said Gary Stokes, co-founder of OceansAsia.
2646	19	While a number of states have recently announced plans to put an end or reduce the machinery mandates, what happens when the next variant is presented?
2646	21	Those of us who focus on the state of the planet must contribute to the formation of a more sustainable approach in the long term. Government officials and public health experts will continue to discuss the recommendations, but environmentalists can and should defend the planet. Although the N95s are widely used, the good news is that they can provide one-way protection, which means that those who wear it can protect themselves even when others around them are disguised. A more limited and righteous approach to the use of surgical masks and N95 – encouraging use in clinical contexts and to protect people with COVID-19 vulnerabilities by disturbing overuse among healthy and asymptomatic people – can reasonably balance public health priorities with environmental concerns, and potentially prevent a large number of plastic substances from polluting the world. Apart from the big technological innovations, the use of less plastic masks is the best we can do.
2646	23	Now that cases are falling and obligations, as emergency measures are ending (at least for now), we have difficult questions: in what circumstances is it justified to wear, or to ask others to wear, masks harmful to the planet? How much damage will the oceans, marine life and climate be caused if millions or billions of people continue to wear them regularly? How many damages have we already done? What will help to minimize the damage in the future?
2646	25	In any way you decide to use the mask, we will all have to make accounts with the environmental heritage for the coming years. This is the first time we start the conversation, it’s better, concludes Vandiver.265
265	3	“The most serious proposal we have always made, the most serious proposal is called ship blockade.” While on the coast of Italy continues the landings of migrants, Giorgia Meloni releases on Facebook the passage of her intervention to the party’s programmatic conference in which he reiterated that a way to arginate the phenomenon exists and Fratelli d’Italia has long proposed it. “It is unbearable that thanks to the inability of the Minister of the Interior, Luciana Lamorgese, called Caronte, continue to land thousands of illegal immigrants on our shores when we – reminded the FDI leader – have to take care of true refugees.” In the accompanying post to the video Meloni then reminded that “Minister Lamorgese left our borders to be taken by illegal immigration. The only solution to this, the FDI leader warned, is the naval blockade, but the immigrant left will never understand it.”
265	4	In the evening, another landing took place in Lampedusa, where 28 migrants, including two women and a minor, arrived. The Financial Guard intercepted the boat on which they traveled 4 miles from the coast of the island, where the morning was the first arrival after days of stop. It was not so for the rest of the coast of Italy, where only yesterday arrived 101 migrants, brought to the “safe port” of Augusta by the ship of Medici without borders, Geo Barents, and 47 migrants who reached the Leccese, between Gallipoli and Marina di Nardò, on board a boat. In total, according to the statistics of the Cruscotto provided by Viminale and updated to yesterday, there are already 10,862 migrants landed in Italy since the beginning of the year, compared to the 10,064 last year and the 3,543 in 2020.
2651	1	General Jean: “Moscow has made everything wrong. Putin is badly advised. But Italy with Di Mai makes the world laugh.”
2651	3	A completely wrong war of an autocrate who has lost rationality. It is a weak Italy, which is barked by sending around May to the world. This is what General Charles Jean thinks. That in a long interview with the Truth removes the military strategy of the Kremlin. And he painted Putin as an isolated man. And badly recommended.
2651	5	Moscow is doing everything wrong.
2651	7	Jean doesn’t believe Putin’s narrative about NATO. “Russia has nothing to fear from NATO. Russia's deterrence is based on 5,000 nuclear tests. Moreover, NATO is a defensive alliance and Putin knows it very well. Putin fears the EU that represents democracy, well-being, freedom of movement and expression, and civil rights.” A fear – says the general – that it could trigger in Russia a revolution like that of Maidan in 2014. “He is able to overcome his power and he knows it very well.”
2651	9	Putin is isolated and badly advised
2651	11	Putin’s rationality is that of an autocrate. “The more limited,” Jean observes, “the more time has passed to power. The magic circle of his counselors decreases with time.” The “Zar” was badly informed. “I thought I had a different type of reaction in Ukraine. He left in the fourth and was worried and now he doesn’t know how to get out of it.” Jean describes the Russian war strategy as disastrous. “They reacted on a blitzkrieg. With Zelensky in flight. It is the imposition of a foolish Russian government. And above all about a divided western reaction. Instead it went differently. The Ukrainians defend themselves.  Zelensky has proved to be a good communicator. And the West united as never before in history.”
2651	12	Ukrainians and the weapons of the West
2651	14	“The Ukrainians have shown that they know how to use the anti-car weapons received from the West well. And now Russia is in a bag ass.” But hardly – adds the general, geopolitical expert – Putin might think of expanding the conflict. “There are few counselors. Patushev, Sechin, Shoigu are the closest. But everyone else begins to wonder if they’re not really in the hands of a man who makes adventure decisions for the Fatherland.”
2651	15	The nuclear threat, a firearm
2651	17	The nuclear threat is also an armed weapon. It would have a psychological effect of a global scale. China is included. It would overcome the nuclear taboo of Nagasaki and Hiroshima. Before arriving at the nuclear bomb – says Jean – Russia has many other options for an escalation. “In the first place, he has not yet employed the bombers. For now, there have been hunting-bombers with limited efficiency, 500 pounds of explosive. Robots compared to those with which they could raise the whole city to the ground. Do you know why you don’t use them? There are images if in Moscow it was known that it destroyed the church of St. Sofia in Kiev. From whom the Russian church is born!”
2651	18	Italy is on the side of May.
2651	20	But the EU is only pushing out of it. “We dismantle the major sanction measures and then we can’t even stop heating. Germany is strengthened. Olaf Scholz made a decision to Germany. Where is Italy?” With a government like this – concludes Jean – it bark. “When we swim around a May or a Stephen, the others are forced to swallow.” And the circle of the major state of the army on the need to have ready and operational divisions? Should the army be prepared to fight? It was in my time.”2652
2652	3	In such a “liquid” history, nothing is definitive. And maybe now it will come back a nightmare that seemed to be over. No, not the nuclear or Russian imperialism. Worse, the fight on palm oil. A long article published on Politico.eu, tested online always very informative of European issues, explained the terms of the question. And it is already preventing a turmoil at the highest levels for environmentalists.
2652	5	Russia and Ukraine are among the world’s leading producers of silk oil, the ingredient used in many food products. From some kinds of sweets to snacks, without forgetting the maionese. Now, however, Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has caused exports to collapse. 
2652	7	“Some food companies are thinking of returning to palm oil and soy oil (an other black beast for environmentalists).” Therefore, in bargain to the fundamentalist gretinism of these last two years, it is necessary to change component in food transformation.
2652	9	Goodbye to Greta
2652	11	"There are already those who, like the case of the British chain ""Iceland"", a brand that has been taking care of frozen products for more than fifty years, has announced its yes to palm oil. The alternative, said the chief executive of the chain, would be to remove some products from the market."
2652	13	However, according to Politico, even in the European Union some companies would already implement a re-conversion of the recipes. As far as it is not easy. The spokesman for a multinational food company, who spoke in anonymity, said that this passage is not easy: “We need to understand what the impact is,” and the reference is both to the environment and to the nutritional values of preparations. There is no doubt, however, looking at our home, a certainty that the Barilla has it: it won’t return to palm oil, assurance, abandoned ingredient in 2016. However, whoever puts palm oil on the market, who in recent years had seen its European market shares decrease, now breaks his hands and does not see the time to return to sell on the old continent.
2652	15	"It is derived from a paper published on the website of the ""Council of the Olive Producer Countries of Palma"", a category association that brings together companies from Malaysia and Indonesia, and represents approximately 85% of total production."
2652	17	In this document, the association claims that the impact of the Russian-Ukrainian war has made the use of silk oil as a raw material economically unstable. And so for many companies to return to palm oil could be the only solution.
2652	18	"As far as there is full awareness of the campaigns of the past years against this component and the fact that many brands have put on their packages the writing ""without palm oil"" to calm a consumer subject to a real media bombing. “We are ready to assist these companies,” the Council says in the paper, as well as confusing with scientific evidence the detractors of the ingredient."
2652	20	The Manicure
2652	22	If the manufacturers are ready to attack the market, however, on the other hand there are those who put all the risks of the case. So, Politico reports the words of Kiki Taufik, an Indonesian Greenpeace activist who sees in all this “a bad news for people, forests and wildlife.”
2652	23	In short, there are the conditions for the return to an old manic confrontation as much as it is to be believed, with less intensity than the 2014-2016 triangle. There are many other problems and many other threats.
2652	25	But then the cross took over the connotations of a real collective psychosis, in which various ingredients intertwined, even here. It is quite toxic. From the Internet complot to the para-religious environmentalism and the ideological terzomondism. A story about which vippame of various types was thrown to head. In 2016, the star Leonardo DiCaprio, who had fled against the exploitation of oil palm cultivation soil, launched the expulsion from Indonesia. The year before, the French Environment Minister Ségolène Royal had to go out against our Nutella because of the ingredient of disagreement, calling for not to consume it. This, yes, is a true sacrilegion.2653
2653	3	George Soros has funded radical environmental groups that collaborate in the “Global Climate Strike” this week for about $25 million, according to a new report.
2653	5	At least 22 of the left-wing activist groups listed as partners in the Global Climate Strike received $24,854,592 in funding from liberal billionaire George Soros between 2000-2017 through his Open Society Network, Joseph Vazquez Thursday to the Media Research Center.
2653	7	Although apparently triggered by the protests of the 17-year-old Greta Thunberg, the Global Climate Strike has since the beginning brought the indelebile fingerprints of well-financed radical environmental activists. It appears that much of the funding comes from the professional disgregator George Soros.
2653	9	"Among the organizations that received funding from Soros were the Global Human Rights Fund, the Global Greengrants Fund, 350.org, Amnesty International, Avaaz, Color of Change and People's Action. Each of these groups has climate-related programs and goals ranging from reducing global carbon emissions to less than 350 parts per million and 100% ""clean energy"", to eliminating new fossil fuel projects and to a ""green movement for civil rights""."
2653	11	Other important donors included the Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer, NextGen America and the Sierra Club, which according to reports received millions from former mayor Michael Bloomberg.
2653	13	The 350.org group, founded by Bill McKibben in 2008, fought coal in India and tried to stop the Keystone XL gas pipeline in the United States.
2653	15	While children marched, sang and twerking for the Global Climate Strike, a group of more than 500 scientists and professionals called on the United Nations for an expected open debate on climate change.
2653	17	"""Climate science should be less political, while climate policies should be more scientific,"" the scientists said in their statement sent to the United Nations Secretary-General."
2653	19	    “Scientists should openly deal with uncertainty and exaggerations in their global warming forecasts, while politicians should spatially count the real benefits as well as the imagined costs of adaptation to global warming and the real costs as well as the imagined benefits of mitigation,” they said.
2653	22	The signatories also insisted that public policies must respect the scientific and economic realities and not only reflect on the more fashionable trend of the day.
2653	24	"    There is no climate emergency. Therefore, there is no reason for panic and alarms,” they observed. We strongly oppose the harmful and unrealistic CO2 zero policy proposed for 2050. "" "
2653	26	    “If better approaches emerge, and they will do so, we will have all the time to reflect and adapt. The goal of international policy should be to provide reliable and convenient energy at any time and worldwide,” they said.2654
2654	3	There is a lot of disinformation about the current situation in Ukraine, I will try to make a bit of clarity, based on my personal direct experience.
2654	5	We begin to clarify one important point: Ukraine is an independent country, it is not part of Russia. It was under the rule of the Soviet Union, as well as Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and many other now free and independent countries, but the independence from the Soviet dictatorship, conquered in 1991, broke the former USSR. Unfortunately, political figures like Putin have always claimed that Ukraine is a Russian territory and has never recognized its independence.
2654	7	According to this, which should help to better understand the political scenario of the relationship between Russia and Ukraine, there are internal areas in Ukraine that claim a more philosophical ethnicity: Crimea, Donbass, to quote some of them. It’s a little like saying that Bolzano feels more Austrian than Italian, or the Istria more Italian than Croatian. There are and will always be these independent bubbles in any country in the world.
2654	9	Using this feeling, Putin has lifted up the desire of a few thousand people living in these regions to recover these territories. In practice, colonial expansion masked by the rescue of Russian co-owners in Ukrainian land.
2654	11	This war is a conquest war with territorial annexation, which mines the fundamental values of freedom and human rights of Europe itself. Ukraine has invited residents in these areas to choose: if you are Russians, please go to live in Russia, otherwise you will remain with us as Ukrainian citizens. At the invitation to go to live in Russia, the inhabitants of the Crimea and the Donbass replied “no, cows to live you in Russia”. There will be a reason...
2654	13	Offenced by this rejection, the Russian government has decided to intervene militarily (year 2014) to reapropriate these territories. Not only in Ukraine, but also in Georgia (Abkhazia and South Ossetia, even a few years before, in 2008). These regions are still occupied by the Russians.
2654	15	Many governments succeeded in Kyiv, some philosophers, and others philosophers. The events of the 2004 Orange Revolution have made a clear feeling in the hearts of the Ukrainians: we want to enter Europe. Since then, a necessary iter has gone to be able to accept Ukraine in Europe, which has had a recent acceleration with President Zelensky.
2654	17	Zelensky was accused of incompetence because he is an actor, as if this was a fault. In memory, I remember such a Ronald Reagan who did the same job, one of the best presidents that the U.S. has ever had, the one who dealt the end of the armed conflicts just with... hey see what coincidence, the Soviets! But you think these actors are capable of what...
2654	19	Without other arguments, Zelensky's detractors accuse him of being a neonazist. For the chronicle, Zelensky is of Jewish origin, his parents are Jews, the grandson died in the Holocaust. He and the Nazism shake us like the cheese on the tone.
2654	21	A quick thought on the situation in Crimea and Donbass: do we really believe that the Ukrainian army would attack the Ukrainian regions themselves, their own population? I don’t care, the armed carriers that go around those regions beat Soviet flag (yes, just false and martel on red background). Is it more likely that the Ukrainians have been fighting their brothers and sisters for eight years, or that the Russian army has invaded these regions in order to destroy the territory?
2654	23	Another thought, and apologize if I dilute: who has a past of violence on his people, to the point that millions of people on his territory, citizens of the Soviet Union left to die of hunger in their own lands? The Holodomor genocide in the 1930s was the extermination of millions of citizens by hunger, caused by Stalin. The 2019 film “Mr. Jones” with Gareth Jones, describes it well: www.imdb.com/title/tt6828390.
2654	25	I have no prejudices and I am open to dialogue, constructive and educated. And then a invitation: go to live a year in Ukraine, as the signature did, and tell me how you find yourself. It’s not all perfect, and many services do not work properly, but tell me, how many in Italy do work properly instead? There is a lot of corrupt politicians in the Ukrainian government, but don’t tell me that the Italian is made of saints.
2654	27	But we breathe an air of freedom, of awakening from the torpedo that the Soviet domination has imposed for years, starting from the abolition of Ukrainian language, religion and culture. Now the current generation is traveling, lawing, informing, participating. It is free.
2654	29	Make the right choice, choose the peace always.2655
2655	3	The tone of the U.S. against Russia has changed, but this is what the New York Times says today: lead this struggle in Ukraine to cause Russia to fall, so that the monopoly of the Atlantic government will never be questioned again. The substance remains the same, because it’s really the same battle that has been on since Russia has raised its head, but now things are clear.
2655	5	The publication of this morning on NYT has an even more wary tone than usual, after the appearance of Blinken and Austin in Kiev. In fact, the Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said from Poland:
2655	7	“We want to see Russia weakened to such a point that we can’t do the kind of things it did by invading Ukraine.”
2655	9	Russia should therefore not, in the future, have the right to react when a military conflict isined by the United States at its border, as it has happened for eight years in the Donbass, after the Maidan coup and the Ukrainian Armed Forces' attack on the Russian-speaking populations in the east. Russia should therefore no longer be able, in the future, to react if a military attack is directed against it.
2655	11	In short, Russia as a state must thus disappear, if you read between the lines.
2655	12	And this disturbance of the line is formulated by NYT in its first phrase of the day announcements:
2655	14	“With a significant change, yesterday the U.S. strengthened their message about the war in Ukraine, saying that the U.S. goal was not only to counter the Russian invasion, but also to weaken Russia, so that it can no longer end such military aggression anywhere.”
2655	16	The global world allows a single political decision-making center, which must be sovereign, and it lies only to that, to no other than that, to decide the battles to be carried out and the interests to be defended. One world, one superpower, then one sovereign state.
2655	17	Through the rhetoric of “aggression”, which is very useful to legitimate the military support provided to this foolish Kiev government, the real issue in the game is in fact that the rights of the States, other than the United States, to be sovereign.
2655	18	And this will not be negotiated in Turkey or elsewhere. This right must be conquered on the field, as the United States wants to conquer their right to monopoly power on the ground of war.
2656	3	The story seems to be restarted. It never ended, but someone liked to think like that.
2656	5	On February 24, 2022, a new era began. We are facing years, decades, of profound transformation. This is an epocal transformation, such as those read only on the books of history.
2656	7	I had written an article 10 days before the start of the special military operation of the Russian armed forces in Ukraine, claiming that no war between Russia and NATO would be broken out, that “the Russian political elite will not let any broken reaction escape.” On the fact that there will not be a war with NATO I am still convinced (although the orthodoxy with which I apply my materialist thought does not prevent me from giving me a sincere stricture), on the fact that Russia would continue on the defence I topped the great. In fact, I was not the only one to think so, it was an opinion shared by others. People like me who are not Russians. We are not the Russian political elite. I was personally convinced that Russia would do everything possible to stay in the grace of the West. At least to make sure that if the Great Reset had to be, to be reseted we would be only us. The strategy of good face to bad game made by Russia on the issue of pandemic allowed this to prejudice: do also your dirty games, but not at our home. Russia has decided to leave the West. It is not worthining relationships with those who have been conducting a hostile policy against you for decades, coming to spread your neighboring lab countries to experiment chemical weapons studied to selectively kill your people. To try to be integrated into the Western economic system is not worth the candle. Continuing to try is time lost. It is lost fatigue. Of all the things I’ve read on the letter “Z” I haven’t read one, or maybe it has escaped me, i.e. we’re at the end of the alphabet. Words are no longer needed. And you did so that it was so.
2656	9	Until recently, I still wondered if this special military operation was really indispensable. Why did the Russians not expect to be attacked before they intervened? So to have some sort of legitimation and not be attacked by the Western media to the level we have reached? A level that was predictable. Why send troops and not just throw missiles on bases and military means? Why risk the lives of Ukrainian civilians? A brother people?
2656	11	I understood it by talking to S., my Ukrainian friend. We met a few years ago for work reasons, then we also met personally, he came to meet me with his family during their trip to Europe. He wrote to me in 2015: “Americans did a revolution here.” He had a certain communion in geopolitical analysis. When on February 24 I wrote to him what was happening in his city, he replied to me after a few days in a way that I didn’t expect. As for Russia, much of the western and central Ukrainians have the idea of a hostile country. That has always been hostile, and will always represent a threat. Like him, other Ukrainian acquaintances here in Italy think the same way. On the militias and neonazist groups it minimises as if they were highly minority and are not an integral part of the army and the state. On the armed confrontation with the Republics of Donbass he talks about it as if it wasn’t a direct issue. When I asked him about the strike of Odessa, his city, he replied that it was a horrible thing, but that the philosophical groups were preparing an attack too. For him the cause of war is the will of an old and sick man to become the new Tsar. And he is Russian, of Russian ethnicity.
2656	13	When we understand the level of anti-Russian propaganda brought forward by the Ukrainian regime media in recent years, we understand why the special military operation began.
2656	15	If the struggle is inevitable, it is better to hit first.
2656	17	I tried to tell S. that Russia’s goal is to eliminate the threat represented by the neonazist militias and to safeguard the Donbass and the borders, to cancel the offensive military potential of Ukraine and to make it geopolitically neutral, but for him Putin wants to invade and occupy Ukraine, and not only. After a month and a half passed as a refugee in a country on the border with Romania, he decided to return to Odessa. He says that when the Russian army will be at the gate of the city, he will go to fight.
2656	19	I can’t accept that a friend risks his life to fight the war desired by the elites. From those groups of power they see in him nothing but cannon meat, a good to sacrifice to their imperial plans.
2656	21	The story has begun again, and the cruel reality is immediately facing you. The reality of all wars, fought by many, for the interests of the few.
2656	23	I then wonder how much we will continue to command here in the West by those cursed elites. When and when we will be able to reverse the relationship of forces.
2656	25	The greatest period of development in the West occurred when the Soviet Union existed. The geopolitical balance had allowed Europe to develop social democracy, the best development model ever experienced for the well-being of the masses. Are we facing a new Cold War? If so, there is a large portion of the people in the West that could make their voice feel strong, and try to recover everything that has stolen us in the last decades. If so, we should begin to think that it is really possible. We will have to do it quickly.
2656	27	Who are we? It is all that public in the West who read the independent information. These conspiracy newspapers that infest the web. But they begin to be afraid. And the propaganda of the regime begins to push too much, even for those who until yesterday stumbled their nose.
2656	29	If this historic period opens a new phase, and new spaces for us in the West, we should still act quickly. It is never known that one day they will be able to develop a virus that selectively kills the conspirators.
2656	31	We can make the party of the “No Vax Putiniani”. That probably won’t take more votes than “the other NATO with Zelensky”, which will all confluence in a 40% PD given. In compensation, however, new gatekeeper such as the mythical Georgia, the defeated version of the newly defeated Navy in France, will make great results. Or maybe the Christian alliance of Viganò, or the forces of light of Commander Donald will think of defeating the darkness of the NWO once and for all.
2656	33	I don't know if it's a healthy realism or a toxic ingenuity to make me believe that the masses in the West are no longer definitely a bad-dooring and unnecessary putrefation. I’m sure I’m glad if I think we’re just 13% of the world’s population.
2656	35	We are preparing for a new world because, fortunately, the break is over.2657
2657	3	Reflections on the facts of Peschiera would seem to have passed a century from the accusations of the feminists against the alpinists, guilty of inexistent harassment to the damages of some women during the meeting of Rimini. There are also those who have proposed to cancel the annual event because it symbolizes the “white and ether male” that toxic feminism does not tolerate. A fissy, the so-called catcalling, and a compliment, though grossolane, have turned into aggression and are making them lose the real meaning of sexual violence. This continuous crying to the wolf to the wolf will reduce the complaints of women who are truly victims of abuse. And probably this is the strategy: to also falsely accuse Italians of harassment to the damages of women to minimize real rape of immigrants. In 2020, foreigners were arrested and denounced for 41 percent of sexual violence.
2657	5	It is true that Italians commit sexual violence against women but it is also true that the rate of immigrants’ predisposition to such crime is 7.6 higher than that of Italians.
2657	7	From the violence of the New Year's Night in Milan to those of Peschiera del Garda
2657	9	Violence and sexual harassment committed by gangs of immigrants and boys of the so-called second generation are growing at an unprecedented pace. Like France, England and Sweden, Italy is now overwhelmed by fierce gangs of foreigners who, feeling impunite, hit in the most complete indifference. We watched the barbarism of the Duomo Square in Milan during the New Year's Eve, we read almost daily in the local chronicles of the rape committed by immigrants in Italian cities and the violence of the baby gangs that terrorize entire neighborhoods, and now we have seen the wave of violence that has crashed on Peschiera del Garda, where about two thousand foreign boys have been found. At the battle screams “Africa at Peschiera” and “White women don’t come out here,” bands of north African people attacked the city, stealing, sacking and harassing girls returning from Gardaland. This violent tsunami could be avoided if only the Interior Minister Luciana Lamorgese had listened to the call of Peschiera del Garda mayor Maria Orietta Gaiulli. Per the minister was too busy preparing the reception of immigrants overloaded to Italian ports by NGO ships.
2657	10	The hypocrisy and doppiopesism of the left and the toxic feminism
2657	12	From those who supported the clandestine immigration with their own policies, we’t expect a harsh position against the violence in Peschiera del Garda, but not even the most complete censorship of the identity of those who committed such barbarism. There is no word about the origin of the authors of the violence in the posts of the exhibitors of Pd Laura Boldrini, Monica Cirinnà, Debora Serracchiani and Alessia Rotta. The secretary Enrico Letta has limited to re-tweeting the post of the Serracchiani. In addition, the femminists of No one less have self-censored, preferring not even to report the news of sexual abuse in Peschiera del Garda. The same, arriving in Rimini, had collected the charcoal complaints of the women harassed by the alpinists, also offering legal assistance. For women, not all women are equal and deserve solidarity.The facts of Peschiera represent the obvious failure of the multiethnic society.
2657	14	The majority of the newspapers, in the early hours after the events of Peschiera del Garda, preferred to censor the nationality of the violents, choosing a politically correct “right”, although the videos had already spoken clearly. The Verona Prosecutor’s Office has now opened two parallel investigations on what happened on June 2: the maxi-rise and the harassment. The first investigation concerns the disorders in the city and on the beach between Peschiera del Garda and Castelnuovo (where more than two thousand girls were given social dating last Thursday) and the hypothesis of crime is of aggravated risk, damages and attempted theft. The second sphere of the investigations, on the other hand, focuses on sexual harassment denounced by five Lombardy teenagers on the train that brought them home after a day in Gardaland: according to the trail from judicial sources, it is not excluded that the prosecutor’s assessment in this case also the aggravating racist hatred, based on the statements of the five victims. The father of one of the teenagers who denounced the harassment explained: “When he told me that it was blocked, that they were all stuck and I couldn’t even breathe, I was impatient (...) My daughter was in the shadow of people without scruples and I was home impotent. If they were not able to go down to Desenzano, they don’t know what they would do.” As already happens in countries like France, England and Sweden, it is logical to assume that these fuels of import violence explode more and more frequently. We are sitting on a social bomb, the apparent failure of the multiethnic society.2658
2658	3	“Maledetti No Vax, it’s your fault if there’s still the Covid!” Does the phrase tell you something? How many times will you have heard it repeat? “No Vax is 12 times more or 25 times more likely to get sick than vaccinated.” It is unfortunate that they are hospitalized for Covid whether they are vaccinated or not. 
2658	5	and well. For some time, however, No Vax (not vaccinated) is also considered for those who have taken two doses of the vaccine. Because they are considered vaccinated only those who have made a complete dosage cycle, the third is also inocular. So if you have only taken two doses you are not considered vaccinated. It happens since the third dose is available, that is, for a few months. 
2658	7	This is the result and will come from the calculations on mortality and the ratio between vaccinated and No Vax. That is, millions of Italians who have done two doses of the vaccine are automatically converted into No Vax. And not a conspirator says it, but directly the institutions that less than a year since it was written by those who are reading (which quoted the British Medical Journal and Peter Doshi in January 2021) find that the duration of the vaccines is a few months, when there are.
2658	9	On the relationship between vaccinated and non-vaccinated is clear the explanation of the Piemonte Region that last January, in an informative tweet with so many photos and didascalia of the relationship between vaccinated and non-vaccinated, explains who are the “non-vaccinated”. The label “non-vaccinated” in red is followed by two asters. Lower to the left is the line of the two asteroids. It means not vaccinated “non-adherent or without a full cycle”. If you have done only two doses, then you have not done the third, you have been annovated among non-vaccinated as those of doses have not done any of them.
2658	11	“Maledetti No Vax. They did only two doses.” He will say from today.
2658	13	We hear the explanation and calculation of the relationship between vaccinated and non-vaccinated that gives to Rai 3 Regional Professor Carlo Torti, director of infectious diseases at the Policlinico of Catanzaro, always on 8 January 2022: “If we consider as complete vaccination that with the third dose, it is so, in fact you can consider a vaccinated patient, this we have understood, only if he received the third dose... we have in our department the 7% of patients who received the third dose and in resuscitation, where 6 out of 6 bed places are occupied, all recovered patients are not absolutely vaccinated.”
2658	15	It is clear how today the relationship between vaccinated and non-vaccinated is calculated: they are No Vax, not ideologically but in fact because they are not vaccinated with a full cycle, those who have taken two doses while consider themselves vaccinated those who have taken three doses.
2658	17	Have you not yet understood?
2658	19	Then we hear the explanation of Francesco Vaia, director of the Spanish Institute of Rome on Sunday In, asked by an outbreak, for the numbers of infections and the deaths that grow, Mara Venier: “But you have some illusions, right? We thought that with the vaccine, with the third dose it would no longer come... eh!”
2658	21	We’re not going to be able to do so, but we’re not going to be able to do so, we’re not going to be able to do so, we’re not going to be able to do so, we’re not going to be able to do so, we’re not going to be able to do so, we’re not going to be able to do so. Then Vaia comes to the point: “Now, and I’ll tell you the numbers, when we make the ratio (the ratio between vaccinated and non-vaccinated, ndr), it’s no longer to be done until the second dose but it’s to be done in those who have had the dose booster, i.e. the third dose. And the report, I tell you today’s numbers to Spallazani, says: that people who are or are not vaccinated or vaccinated until the second dose are for more than 90% recovered in ordinary receipt. In intensive therapy the ratio is even more obvious, that is, we have a 95% of people not vaccinated or vaccinated in double dose and people instead, 5%, vaccinated in third dose. So what is the topic? We have to push now on the third dose because the third dose, the numbers, not the chats, the numbers tell us that it works, and then we have to update the vaccines and arrive in October and make a yearly referral dose.”                                                                                                                          
2658	23	The third dose works. It works! But beyond the explanations that teachers are trying to give, the government says: it works! Every year everyone will have to take a vaccine to not be considered No Vax. It is not known how many inoculations, since the antibody protection lasts a few months. Why? Because it works! The government says so! It works so much that even the newly vaccinated people get sick and end up in the hospital. We’re seeing it in these days and we’ll see it every winter how it works. How Astrazeneca worked, how the first dose worked, the second and now the third. In addition, the exorbitant dead by adverse reaction and those who remain with a disability all their lives do not exist. Why? Because it works!                                                                                                                                                
2658	24	It’s true: “Maledetti No Vax, it’s all your fault if there’s still the Covid!” 2659
2659	3	“It should also be taken seriously to the rest of the population that has done everything he had to do and that could be questioned: in the end there was a kind of condom for the unvaccinated.”
2659	5	"The vaccination obligation for over 50 persons remains even after June 15 and no condoms for those who have not been vaccinated. It is not used to turn the words of Massimo Galli, already director of Infectious Diseases at the Sacco Hospital in Milan: “The obligation of anti-Covid vaccination for over 50 people must beined without and without but. The obligation must beined ""even for seriousness towards the rest of the population who did everything they had to do, vaccinating themselves, and who, if called for further interventions if necessary, could ask: 'So at the end there was a kind of condom for the non-vaccinated? Were they the furbs and we the Creteans?“”"
2659	7	"For this, Galli is opposed to decay the obligation: ""We will have a condom in which you don't freeze the state without paying the taxes, but you freeze the community without taking precautions concerning yourself and others.""  And on the logic'no vax of ""I can decide to die on my behalf"" shoot Azero: ""It's not worth this reasoning, it's unacceptable because hospitals are full of people, whose receivables are paid with our taxes, and there are so many surgical interventions and delayed benefits that he knows when they can be done. This will be very important to the health of the people.”"
2659	9	"On the possible relief of the other restrictions, Galli agrees: ""I have absolutely no objections, in a more favourable epidemiological situation. It is necessary to live and live with this virus, although it has had a number of repeated surprises that at this point it would be appropriate to avoid another. In less than a year there have been three variants that have taken the predominance one after the other and we have to be ready for a quarter, although it is not said that it comes and it is not said that it is worse.” 266"
266	3	This could only be called Stoltemberg. The beginning of his name says everything.
266	5	One thing is clear: if Ukraine had to lose its forces, confidence and give it victory to the Russians and surrender Crimea, NATO would prevent it with all its forces. This is the meaning of the words of the Alliance Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, interviewed by the German quota Die Welt. “NATO members will never accept the illegal annexation of Crimea. We have always been opposed to the Russian control of parts of the Donbass in eastern Ukraine.” Putin has warned that he does not only fight against a people, but it can be said against much of the West.     The NATO is aware, however, that Russia’s war against Ukraine “will not end soon, but that Ukraine will win it with the help of the Atlantic Alliance,” he said. The Alliance is determined to help Kiev “even if it will take months or years” to defeat Putin and his nobles, rejecting that it will be done “all possible” so that the conflict will not spread. Stoltenberg, in his long interview, emphasized that Ukraine will do everything to win “this war because it defends its territory” and it is right that, by a country attacked, it defends itself and should not passively suffer the Russian army. 
266	7	You are attacking Russia surrounding it. And the only idea of thinking about the fact of removing Ukraine and Donbass from Russia – they are regions inhabited by Russians – means having to prepare for the nuclear war. Because that is Russia, and it is the red line marked by Putin whose violation would cause the nuclear response.
266	9	Then NATO explains why they bombed Serbia to ‘liberate’ Kosovo with Albanian and forever Serbian majority, but then Crimea exclusively Russian should not be able to do the same.
2660	1	Draghi, they are the vaccines to intake intensive therapies.
2660	2	In an attempt to foster social hatred against no vax, the prime minister demonstrated the inefficiency and harmfulness of vaccines.
2660	4	In an attempt to foster social hatred against no vax, the prime minister demonstrated the inefficiency and harmfulness of vaccines. The data taken out of the unselected Draghi and his reptilian appearance (which is synonymous with the Dalemian) Hope, rule on the usual dozens of assembly. The “empers and scellers” no vax that block the country, as highlighted by the newspaper The Truth, are overall the vaccinated, and this happens in the world where everything is possible, that of the “superman’s lies” or of the media of the regime. A bivaccinate that, having immediate adverse effects, does not want to do the third dose is a no vax, and if the complications of these adverse effects lead it to intensive therapy is an irresponsible that intases the intensive therapies, exactly like a non-vaccinated – which looks at the case, in intensive ends us in an extremely smaller percentage, but is accumulated in a single label with the renitent bidosate, as explained in the data of the Spallanzani that we read in The Anti-Diplomatic:
2660	6	The prime minister said: “Many of the problems depend on no vax.”
2660	8	But who are the no vax to remove the failure, inefficiency and incompetence of the Draghi government?
2660	10	There is a surprise that not everyone has picked up but that has definitely clarified the director of the Spallanzani Vaia recently in a broadcast of Rai Uno. Non-vaccinated (no vax) are those who have not received the third dose. So – Aristotle logic – people with two doses are classified as “non-vaccinated” or “novax”. “A patient can only be considered vaccinated if he has also received the third dose. We have in our department the 7% of patients who received the third dose and in resuscitation, where six out of six beds are occupied, all recovered patients are not absolutely vaccinated,” he further stated a TGR of Rai 3.
2660	12	This would explain the data of hospitalized or in intensive therapy that detected a higher incidence of no vax compared to those who have completed even the third dose that is good to remember had started only in the middle of September. “When the relationship is to be done, it is not to be done until the second dose, but it is to be done in those who have had the booster dose, that is, the third dose,” Vaia said.
2660	14	He said: “These people who are in normal residence for more than 90 percent are not vaccinated or vaccinated until the second dose. In intensive therapy we have 95% of people not vaccinated or vaccinated in double dose, 5% vaccinated in third dose.” It has candidally declared Vaia, giving everything else meaning also to the graphs published by Hope...
2660	16	This is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get a lot of money, and you’re going to get a lot of money.
2661	2	The agreement with the United States on refugees. Canada will receive the Haitians. Here is a lesson that could serve Italy.
2661	4	with open arms. Spain is negotiating with the United States to welcome migrants fleeing Latin America. The same speech for Canada, ready to receive the Haitians. For now the negotiations are still open, the final decision will be taken during the Summit of the Americas scheduled for the next week in Los Angeles.
2661	6	Madrid wants to welcome migrants from Latin America
2661	8	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, and it’s a good thing to do. Madrid has accepted the operation because it needs workers, especially in the construction sector, to not lose EU funds after the economic crisis caused by the Covid pandemic.
2661	10	The news site Axios was the first to report possible immigrant commitments from Spain and Canada, citing the documents of the “Los Angeles Declaration”, i.e. the text in preparation with the summit conclusions. With this information, Spain will undertake “modest but symbolically important” commitments to increase the number of South American refugees transferred to its borders. The program, which was already discussed during the Spain-Us Working Group on Central America meeting on May 25, planned to double, or even triple, the number of temporary workers in Central America. The final speech will be held at the Los Angeles summit.
2661	12	An agreement that benefits everyone.
2661	14	The U.S. would thus relieve the weight of migration flows from Latin America. The Republicans had accused Biden administration of neglecting the issue of migration in the southern states that push on the U.S. southern borders, or even encouraging it with its too permissive policies. For this reason, the president needs a victory to satisfy his Congress. Spain needs workers. Approximately 1.8 million jobs were removed in 2008, but now it is needed thanks to the Pnrr funds. To exploit the 140 billion, Spain has to take over and South American migrants could easily occupy those places. Compared to migrants from Asia or Africa, refugees from Central America speak Spanish and especially the relations with the former colonies and Spain have always been favorable. According to Reuters, seven out of ten companies have been forced to give up commitments in 2021 because they don’t have enough staff.
2661	16	This is the most important part of the world’s economy, and the most important part of the world’s economy is the world’s economy.
2662	3	Rome, May 27 — The monkey’s vessel in Europe would have spread thanks to the celebrations of the Gay Pride on the Canary Islands. This is what the local health authorities have in Maspalomas, in the south of Gran Canaria, where from 5 to 15 May about 80,000 people gathered for a non-stop maxi party organized to celebrate the twenty-eighth election of the Winter Pride.
2662	5	According to the health authorities, during the celebrations that involved tourists from all over Europe and not only, there was a positive person to the monkeys boat who would make the fool out. The virus, we remember, is transmitted through the interpersonal contacts of a close type. And five days of Pride, with its undeniable context of sexual promiscuity brought to the extreme, would represent a perfect result.
2662	7	This is the case zero to the Pride of the Canary Islands.
2662	9	Local LGBT activists, concerned about the stigma that could collapse on the community, and tourists on the island, concerned about bad advertising and the consequent impacts on the economic sector of which, in fact, the Gran Canaria survives. “There is concern because what is happening can put our Maspalomas in bad light,” explains Edward Timon, local LGBT community activist and editor of a news site. “The Lgbtq+ community should not be afraid to deal with the problem, which can happen to anyone and, among other things, it is much better to educate about behavior to prevent sexually transmitted diseases, than ethereum.”
2662	10	A decrease in attention to sexually transmitted diseases
2662	12	"But according to Andre van Wanrooij, a politician and former organizer of the Maspalomas Pride, the threshold of attention to sexually transmitted diseases has decreased significantly. It is always in the Republic denouncing the rise of a certain laxism toward such an important topic. ""Together with another association, we gave free preservatives, we made information about prevention, we organized meetings, we provided health care, but all this is no longer and even if we didn't know about the arrival of the ship, however, more careful behaviors would be used to prevent that disease,"" Wanrooij said."
2662	14	As it seems, therefore, the beautiful sleeping people of the LGBT community have awakened to find out that sexual-transmitted diseases have not disappeared, and that there is not only Covid in the world. A preservative and — but here we may ask too much — a greater sexual continence,, would save from much worse diseases.
2663	3	The vaccine campaign, which has generated many controversies, has increased the number of Italians favouring vaccinations.
2663	5	On the face of the no-vax, it would be to say. The Covid-19 pandemic, which has generated many discussions around the vaccines, has increased the confidence of the Italians in this formidable means of prevention and defense from diseases (this is unquestionable, however, it is thought about vaccines).
2663	7	The Covid-19 pandemic has increased the confidence of the Italians in vaccines: more than 9 out of 10 citizens consider vaccines safe and effective. Among the candidates, 1 out of 2 declares themselves open to review their choices. A greater dialogue with the doctor and the pharmacist, a clear and transparent information/communication from the institutions, the increase in administrative places (pharmacy, workplace and school) and incentives are the factors that emerge as determining factors to increase the tendency to vaccinate, including among the displaced. This is the result of the survey, conducted on a sample of 2,000 citizens, carried out by The European House -Ambrosetti and the Interdepartmental Center for Ethics and Integrity in Research of the National Research Council (Cnr), in collaboration with Swg, presented in Rome during an event carried out by The European House -Ambrosetti with the non-conditional contribution of Pfizer. 
2663	9	According to the survey, 92% believe that vaccines are a safe and effective health tool to counter infectious diseases and that for 33% of respondents the level of confidence during the pandemic has increased, especially in men, in the Southern Regions and among the Generation Z. Positive signs also for the recovery of the anti-Covid vaccine campaign in the coming autumn: 77% declare themselves favorable to the fourth dose of the anti-Covid vaccine in the coming autumn and 17% of those who have not yet vaccinated are open to do so. Incentive also data on flu vaccination with 95% of the subjects who have been vaccinated in the last season that declares favorable to repeat the administration. It also revealed that 88% of respondents feel informed about vaccines, prediling as information sources their doctor’s trust, the opinion of scientists and institutional websites; informal information channels, such as friends and relatives and social media/forum/blog, remain the most used sources by those who are more skeptical about vaccines.
2663	11	The knowledge of compulsory vaccines is also good, the knowledge of other recommended vaccines is poor: 98% of respondents say they are aware of the existence of compulsory vaccines in the pediatric age but only 76% remember at least some of them, values that fall to 94% respectively and 63% for recommended vaccines in the childhood. In both cases, among the most informed are people with minor children and women.
2663	13	The law on the obligatory vaccination for the 0-16 year range and the numerous awareness initiatives carried out, have contributed to increasing the level of knowledge of pediatric vaccinations with resulting coverage rates that, although decreasing during the pandemic, are shown at values greater than 90%. The situation of vaccinations in adolescence and adulthood is different. Only 34% said they were vaccinated against the papilloma virus (in the age range of 18-30 years), only 28% against pneumococcus (in the age range of 60-70 years), only 11% against herpes zoster (in the age range of 60-70 years). “The survey provides some important indications on the leaves on which to act to improve the knowledge and, consequently, the confidence of citizens towards vaccination prevention,” says Daniela Bianco, partner and head of the Healthcare area of The European House – Ambrosetti. “In addition, 1 out of 2 among the exhibitors and opposed to some vaccines such as the anti-pneumococcus, anti-herpes-zoster and anti-papilloma virus is declared available to know more about it before you can decide. Therefore, it is necessary to increase the efforts in communication to increase the level of knowledge of citizens, including on these vaccines.”  And again: 83% of respondents say they know people who hesitate or refuse to vaccinate themselves: if 26% refuse or refuse to vaccinate themselves for all vaccines in general, 57% are only referring to the anti-Covid vaccine. The vaccine barriers perceived are essentially: the fear of health risks and the information gap (not correct or missing information). Even among the subjects who have declared they do not consider vaccines safe and effective and the non-vaccinated against Covid the safety-related fear is confirmed the main reason for non-vaccination, followed by doubts regarding the experiments.
2663	15	Among the tools that, according to the citizens themselves, can help to increase the level of confidence in vaccination programs, include: greater dialogue with their own doctor or trusted pharmacist, greater transparency of the institutions that take care of health and more frequent information campaigns by the health institutions; greater dialogue and better information are considered the most effective tools also to make ideas change to people who hesitate or refuse to vaccinate themselves.  The increase in vaccination points also enables citizens to get closer to vaccination prevention: especially the pharmacies but also the places of study and work, are the most appreciated; even among those who are less favourable to vaccines or have not vaccinated against Covid the pharmacy is a suitable place for vaccination.  “55% of the respondents also open to economic incentives, in primis check up and free medical examinations and the bonuses for gyms and sports centers, tools that in addition to increasing the level of citizens’ confidence also have a role in activating economic activity,” says Andrea Grignolio, responsible for the Vaccine Hesitancy Forum of the Interdipartimental Center for Ethics and Integrity in the Research of the Cnr. “These are propositive instruments aimed at achieving greater vaccine accession that could be linked to those already in use such as disincentive and penalties and that would align Italian vaccine policies with those promoted by many other countries.”
2664	3	Rome, 15 June — Stop all, the term ‘mony’ or monkeypox is racist and creates stigma toward Africans just because it contains the word ‘mony’. Thirty scientists from all over the world — people who obviously have a lot of free time when they don’t work in the laboratory — support that last week they signed and sent a letter to the WHO with a call: urgently change the name.
2664	5	The monkeys are discriminating Africans.
2664	7	The same happened with the coronavirus or Chinese virus, now converted into Covid, to prevent the epidemic from being identified with China (from which, by the way, it developed in circumstances all other than clear and all other than clear, thanks to Beijing's obsessionism). A call, if you think, that results — comically — more racist than the denomination itself: first of all because the monkeys do not live only in Africa. Secondly, counting as “discriminatory” to the Africans a term that contains the word “chimmie”, reveals a retro-think at the limits of the suprematist, which of progressist has very little. 
2664	9	The WHO will change its name.
2664	11	Proposal that WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus welcomed with enthusiasm, announcing in this regard that he has called the WHO Emergency Committee for June 23 to discuss the serious and urgent issue “We are working on a solution with partners and experts from all over the world”, and the new definition will be made public “as soon as possible”. On the agenda also the opportunity to declare the flagship of the monkeys (we will continue to call it so) “a international emergency”, given its characters that have of the “unusual and worrying.”
2664	13	In this regard, despite the number of cases — from 18 May 900 in 19 Member States of the EU, Norway and Iceland, of which 32 in Italy — the European Commission is finalizing a contract for the acquisition of 110,000 doses of the vaccine against the monkeys. “This is a clear signal,” said Stella Kyriakides, EU Commissioner for Health, “that the Hera Agency (European Commission’s Health Preparation and Response Authority) can effectively respond to health threats.” Other viruses, other viruses. 2665
2665	3	When the Ecorompibale of Extinction Rebellion finds on its way the driver incarcerated on the Great Closing Closing, the Ecorompibale is a dead man, or little we miss: it happens in Rome, where a group of gretine activists of the well-known ecologist movement originating in Britain had the misleading idea of interrupting the traffic on the Gra in the top hour, with a sit-in of protest against global warming. The scene was retrieved by local team cameras. And the above drivers were not looking,
2665	5	Drivers vs. drivers
2665	7	“You broke er c..., go to work” is the most gentle phrase coming out of the mouths of the drivers boiled on the capital road artery. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. Imagine, therefore, if a group of soya developer, with so much stretch, decides to sit in the midst of the carrier, leaving in the coat, under the warm sun, thousands of drivers directed to the workplace in the Capital.
2665	9	Go to work
2665	11	"“If we were not desperate, we’t do this,” one of the screams screams while an energumeno pelato pulls him away from the center of the road. But what they want to know about this is the world’s captivity of global pollution: in fact, the energy man himself gloriously takes another, and another, moving the activists as potato bags. ""I have to go to work, to make money to eat for my children!"", a wrecked woman cries as she tightenes him and throws him beyond the rail guard."
2665	13	It is clear that these problems do not have them: on the other hand, children are contaminated and increases the CO2 emissions. So, in their optics, it would be more correct toward the planet Earth if the children of others died of hunger. The seizure ended with the arrival of the police, which seated the bullets, evacuated the carrier and restored the flow of traffic. The rescue of the earth in the middle of sit-in is returned to the date to be destroyed.  2667
2667	3	“We have been asked: how can we avoid the deaths in the sea of thousands of people, including many children? The answer was: we are creating humanitarian corridors for refugees.” So the Community of Sant’Egidio, on its website, announced the initiative of the so-called humanitarian corridors. A project set up “with the Federation of the Evangelical Churches in Italy, the Valdese Table and the Cei-Caritas, fully self-financed,” it is read on the site. The agreement protocol for the implementation of the project “Opening the humanitarian corridors” was, among other things, signed at the Viminale between the Ministries of the Interior and Foreign Affairs, the Community of Sant’Egidio and the Cei, in 2019.
2667	5	The declared objectives of the “humanitarian routes”
2667	7	The Community of Sant’Egidio then precisely explains the objectives of the humanitarian corridors. Among these, we read: “Event the refugees’ trips with the death boats in the Mediterranean.” And at the same time, “contrast the micidial business of the shelters and the traffickers of men, women and children.” In addition to “conceding people in ‘sensitivity conditions’ (e.g. victims of persecution, torture and violence, families with children, single women, elderly, sick, persons with disabilities) a legal entry into the Italian territory with a humanitarian visa, and subsequent submission of the asylum application. The same “public association of laicies of the Church” also claims that to implement the project “the associations send on the place of volunteers, who take direct contacts with refugees in the countries concerned by the project, prepare a list of potential beneficiaries to be transmitted to the Italian consular authorities.”
2667	9	This is how we import migrants from Greece.
2667	11	So, if it comes from this, volunteers should go to the countries from which migrants could leave. For example, Libya, or another north African or Middle East nation. To avoid some of them the dangerous cross in the sea. It is unfortunate that with a statement of May 17, the Community of Sant’Egidio makes known that with these humanitarian corridors, “quarters of refugees from the Greek island of Lesbo” have arrived in Fiumicino. But how? The island of Lesbo is in Greece, then in the European Union. As a result, these migrants had already been saved. For Lesbo, like Lampedusa, is the end of the travel paid by migrants to the traffickers of men. This clearly means that these people in some cases had probably already been discriminated in their countries of origin and had already risked their lives on the “barcanoes of death in the Mediterranean” to arrive in Lesbo, in Europe.
2669	3	In Rome, some of the money spent due to the EU pandemic. It is exactly 11 million euros, to allocate them to the re-qualification of a red social center, which has been occupied for 20 years by the extreme left. We are talking about an ex-caserma, for which a best restructuring plan is planned, within the framework of the project “Porto Fluviale Rec House”, with the construction of houses and shops “attributed and gifted” to “companions’ occupants”. The building, declared a property of historical and artistic interest by Mibact, is owned by the Air Force. Since 2003 it has been subject to abusive housing employment by 56 family bodies, from 13 different nations.
2669	5	Gualtiers and abuses: the project of re-qualification of a red social center
2669	7	As Casapound spokesman Luca Mastella said, “In Rome there are 13,000 people waiting for a popular house. People taken around again, with a project already funded, and masked as a public residential building plan. But that in reality is nothing more than a millionaire gift to the social and extreme left centers of the Capital. After almost twenty years of occupation – continues – they will be owners not only of the apartments, but also of real and own commercial activities on the street for free. It is dedicated to cultural associations.”
2669	9	The establishment occupied for 20 years will be regulated for those who abuse the housing?
2669	11	After the Junta Raggi, which has been fully connected with this abusive occupation, Gualtieri has not missed the opportunity of a gift to friends. In addition, he had already openly stated that one of his objectives would be to regulate those who abuse the housing. He called it a necessary gesture to return dignity to those who, without asking for permission, occupy houses and buildings, taking possession to the harm of the legitimate owners. It is then questioned what dignity loses who performs such gestures, to the point that they must be handed over...
2669	12	Guiltyers and housing for abuse: the building and a center to be intended for public construction
2669	14	In this, the left has never made a mystery of supporting and forging inequality, professing the Gospel of integration and indiscriminate welcoming. The stable occupied of Via del Porto Fluviale was among those to disappear. The building will be restored and transformed into houses for public residential buildings. We know who the houses are intended for. To multiethnic families that will have the absolute precedence compared to thousands of Italians who are regularly waiting for the award of a accommodation.
2669	15	With the immigrants who escalate their graduates...
2669	17	We remember that immigrants have been removed the bond of “return”, i.e. foreigners scale graduates because they present themselves as nullatenants, when in their country of origin they possess unidentified properties. Unfortunately, we have to remind ourselves of the evidence that as long as the left has the political management of our cities, our neighborhoods and our houses, we will suffer the injustice of seeing ourselves scalled. Overcome by those who, of abuse, do a usual practice that, instead of being condemned, is encouraged and forged.
267	3	"The extreme right: ""The EU's climate strategies, the 'Farm to fork' strategy and all the rules that are at risk of limiting our ability to respond to the crisis should be reviewed immediately"" Giorgia Meloni, the right-wing extremist and grandson of Trump and Bolsonaro, who with their predatory recipes have contributed to even more disappointing the planet."
267	4	“The EU’s climate strategies, the ‘Farm to fork’ strategy and all the rules that are at risk of limiting our ability to respond to the crisis should be reviewed immediately. More reasonably, greater flexibility is absolutely necessary in the implementation of the Next Generation EU and therefore in the use of the resources of our PNR, which must be destined to support the strategic sectors in crisis.”
267	5	This is the proposal of Giorgia Meloni in an interview on the Corriere della Sera. “On the energy issue, after years of ideological environmentalism married by the EU Commission, we talk again about gas and the need to diversify its suppliers to limit our dramatic dependence. We demanded it for a long time, well before the war, but it also requires a more accurate action to freeze the cost of the bills that are strangling families and.” “In addition to the food crisis, the Commission seems to have overcome some environmental dogms by releasing thousands of unusedly held hectares, but there remains a lot to do on financial support to a sector that depends on another important aspect of our sovereignty and our own survival.”
2670	1	NATO’s Stoltenberg hole pushes the war against Russia 
2670	3	NATO’s Stoltenberg hole, installed by the United States, always pushes the war against Russia
2670	5	"Last week, after a meeting with the highest officials of the Biden regime, including the White House taxpayer, the U.S.-installed NATO fountain Stoltenberg called for a ""long-range logging war"" against Russia in Ukraine."
2670	7	"In the State Department last week, he pushed for a further strengthening of the ""deterrence and defense"" of the war alliance: its war against humanity with other names."
2670	9	"Together with the prosecutor's war against Russia, its call to ""work even more closely with partners (alliance) (sic) in Asia-Pacific and other partners who think of it the same way (sic) around the world"" is likely to deal with China in the same way in the future."
2670	11	"Ignoring the reality on the field in Ukraine, he falsely stated that the Russian SMO was ""a strategic error (sic)"", adding doubtfully:"
2670	13	    Moscow has underestimated the strength, will and ability of the Ukrainian people (sic), the Ukrainian armed forces to defend themselves (sic).
2670	15	Separate in the Pentagon with the U.S. Secretary of War Austin, both shot free on Russia, pretending that the NATO war alliance has a solid unity.
2670	17	Stoltenberg's visit to Washington concerned the plot of the next NATO movements, dominated by the United States, against Russia.
2670	19	Interviewed by WaPo, he said the following:
2670	21	"    The situation in Ukraine ""may be over for a long time."""
2670	23	The US/NATO regimes are deploying weapons and ammunition into their territory with this goal in mind.
2670	25	As stated by his U.S. master, Stoltenberg supports the irragonable idea of expelling Russian forces from the Donbass and regaining the control of Crimea by Kiev.
2670	27	"The Nazi Ukraine ""has the right to say that (is) fighting "" throughout the territory on which it seeks its own control (sic), has suspected."
2670	29	Ignoring the SMO targets publicly declared by Vladimir Putin, he falsely accused Russia of pursuing revanshist targets in less than a lot of words, although no evidence suggests that.
2670	31	Separately on Russian TV Rossyia 1, Vladimir Putin faced the growing conditions of food crisis, false accused of his policies, saying:
2670	33	    “We are watching attempts to attribute Russia responsibility for developments in the global food market and the growing local problems.”
2670	35	"""I have to say that this is another attempt to attribute the fault to someone else"" - instead of the US/Western policies to which it belongs."
2670	37	What is happening has nothing to do with Russia.
2670	39	Together with the madness of the money press by the Fed, the United States sanctions the liberation war in response to the SMO of Russia responsible for the rise of inflation, the breakdown of supply chains and the conditions of food crisis.
2670	41	Russia has warned the US/West, Putin said, adding:
2670	43	"    ""(When) we launched our operation, (the West dominated by the United States) began to take measures that worsened the situation both in the food industry and in the production of fertilizers."""
2670	45	The U.S./West claims on Russia’s blocking of grain exports to Ukraine are false news.
2670	47	Putin, Lavrov and other Russian officials have informed the United States and the West that the only obstacle to the shipment of Ukrainian grain by sea is that the U.S.-controlled regime is removing its offshore waters.
2670	49	Russia has guaranteed the safe passage of ships from and to Ukraine once the mining has been completed.
2670	51	Ukrainian grain can also be exported through Romania and Hungary.
2670	53	The easiest way by land is through Belarus.
2670	55	At this point, Putin explained that “the ships are blocked in Ukrainian ports,” adding:
2670	57	“These are foreign ships, a dozen.”
2670	59	"""They are simply closed and their crew is still held in hostage"" by Kiev, on order of the Biden regime."
2670	61	It has produced conditions of food crisis, which continues with deficits and increasing prices.
2670	63	Instead of attributing the fault to its place, Russia is falsely accused of what it has nothing to do with.
2671	3	For Turkish President Erdogan, the talks in Istanbul represented his ideal stage. It seems far from the times when Europe was putting its finger against its politics. Just a year ago he was called “dictator” by Council President Mario Draghi. Today, however, he is taking the scene to promote peace talks. And it is he who can afford to say the phrase “Peace has no losers.” Erdogan’s political “shock” appears to be notable. In favour of the negotiations between Russia and Ukraine, it has regained the credit slowly lost in recent years internationally and focused one of its targets on the edges of its government adventure, started 20 years ago: to give a relevant political place to Turkey.
2671	4	The diplomatic work of Turkey
2671	6	Ankara was one of the first, in the morning of February 24, to condemn the Russian action in Ukraine. A not counted position. If on the one hand Turkey is a member of the NATO, making it the second largest army in the Atlantic Alliance, on the other hand the relations between Erdogan and Putin in recent years have been extremely collaborative. A convenient alliance that between Turkey and Russia, born on a very specific date: July 16, 2016, a day that is likely to always rejoice in the minds of the Turkish leader. That is the night of the failed coup to his damages, of armed wagons around the streets of Ankara and Istanbul, of his Facebook speech linked by some hidden, before he returns to safety only in the morning. Since then, the “sultan” has gradually greeted the West, rejecting his saying that he has not supported it enough, embracing Putin’s Russia, which, on the contrary, was among the first to condemn the coup.
2671	8	Since then, the two have worked side by side, though from different positions, in Syria and Libya as well as in the energy sector since January 2020 from the Turkish submarine the Russian gas passes between the Turkish Stream pipes. It’s hard to think about Erdogan’s condemnation of Putin’s actions. However, Turkey has decided to align with NATO’s position in this regard. However, he has chosen an autonomous path. Ankara did not close the bridges with the Kremlin, did not join the rain of sanctions against Russia, did not cross diplomatic lines with the Moscow government. At the same time, he provided political support to Kiev and legitimized the defence action of Ukraine. In this way, Erdogan could continue to work with Putin, with which he should see in the coming days. But at the same time, the trust was guaranteed by Zelensky and the Ukrainian government. And so in the last hours in Istanbul both Russians and Ukrainians have given credit to Turkish diplomatic work, with Erdogan who has been able to freeze from the role of a true peaceful.
2671	9	The prospects of dialogue mediated by Ankara
2671	11	To think well, Erdogan’s was not a diplomatic “headwork.” The Turkish president has simply done his job and performed the best of his functions. That is, that of a head of state who, at the time of the outbreak of a conflict between two countries with which he establishes good relations, prefers to activate the diplomacy and leave on the side battle tones. This was by Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett. But if the journey of the latter to the Kremlin a few days after the beginning of the conflict did not be resolving, the work of Turkey behind the rocks of the war gave the first fruits. First with the meeting between the two Ukrainian and Russian Foreign Ministers, which took place on March 10 in Antalya, now with the summit between the two delegations in Istanbul. A “growing” work that pushes the Turkish diplomacy to go beyond and try the decisive blow: that is, a direct meeting between Putin and Zelensky.
2671	13	Erdogan said he was confident, the environments close to Ankara’s diplomacy have seen in the last hours increased the chances of a summit between the two presidents protagonists of the crisis. Of course, the Turkish president would not disbalance himself without first having the certainty of important chances of success. For Turkey, the mediation between Moscow and Kiev is first and foremost an image operation that Erdogan wants to bring home. It is the most important thing that you can do when you’re going to get to know what you’re going to do.
2672	3	Cornwall (UK) – Finally a good news – contained in one of the documents drawn up during the G7 just concluded – that will put to silence, hopefully for at least a few months, the usual climate disasters: the next summer, now at the door, will be (relatively) fresh.
2672	5	Not only: it will be the least hot summer of the next 50 years. This is the conclusion of the G7 research group for the drafting of the climate document. Professor Arturo Orutra, head of the team, explained: “All the data lead to a progressive, gradual and irresistible increase in temperature from year to year, which even the significant reductions in human activity generated by the pandemic have been able to slow down. So we can say, with reasonable certainty, that the temperatures in the next 50 years will surely be higher than this year. What is going to start, therefore, will be the summer with the mildest temperatures among those subject to the analysis.” And the good news doesn’t end here: according to the prudent estimates of Professor Orutra, it’s very likely that the next summer will be colder than the next fifty. The trend could even be confirmed for the coming decades.
2672	7	A contradictory study, which instead of looking nostalgically to the past (as almost always happens in these cases) is instead projected with optimism towards the future.
2672	9	But despite the reassuring conclusions in the document, the G7 has taken important climate commitments, such as setting up the upcoming heights in Iceland and Greenland to stay more cool and do everything on the seat to those who will not reduce emissions before mass extinction.
2672	11	“There are two ways to look at things – concludes Professor Orutra – to focus on the half-filled glass or on the empty half. And we prefer to focus on the glass half full, before you evaporate completely as I’m hot.2673
2673	3	To understand the invasion, it is good to remember what they said long ago, asylum seekers hosted in Rome, to a group of citizens.
2673	5	In the Aurelio neighborhood had recently taken life the initiative of the ‘civil sanctuaries’, composed of resident citizens who at night, organizing themselves in groups, wanted to peacefully recover possession of their neighborhood.
2673	7	“We are solidarity with the citizens of Goro,” said the organizer of the ‘rounds’, Giannini, was at the time of the facts of Goro – This reception is now an endless business, managed in the phase of the transit to the coast and boarding on the boats by local mafia and then once in Italy the management of profits passes to cooperatives. This trafficking comes to crack the rights of the Italians while continuing to earn. We need to stop this invasion and think about helping them in their countries.”
2673	9	During the inspections, the ‘Civil Sentinelles’ met the migrants guests of the refugee hotel in their neighborhood: “Their average age is 20 years, they are men, from Gambia, Senegal and Nigeria, all countries where there is no conflict. Their demands: better clothes and money in cash to spend.”
2673	11	At the question of one of the citizens who wanted to know why they had decided to come to Italy, “they answered ‘in our country we know that in Italy we are given everything’.
2673	13	They did it when the PD was in the government. And they are doing it again now that the PD has returned, for the fourth time in six years without a popular mandate, to the government.
2674	1	Why do people eat meat even if it affects the planet and their health?
2674	3	We know that today’s meat and dairy industries damage our planet and that eating too much animal protein can be harmful to our health. Why do we eat meat?
2674	5	Human beings have eaten meat since prehistory, but only in the last 50 years the world’s meat production has quadruplicated, reaching about 350 million tons per year, according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO).
2674	7	By 2050, global meat production is expected to reach 455 million tons.
2674	8	The source of inefficient cibo
2674	10	Scientists have long expressed concern about the environmental impacts of meat consumption, especially industrially produced meat, because it requires more energy, water and land than any other food source, making it “ineffective.”
2674	12	A study on agriculture’s environmental impact revealed that beef production is responsible for six times more greenhouse gas emissions and 36 times more soil use than plant protein production.
2674	13	Therefore, avoiding meat and dairy is the best way to reduce our environmental impact on the planet, the study concludes. The global exploitation of agricultural land could thus be reduced to more than 75%.
2674	14	Psychological reasons for meat consumption
2674	16	Dr. Benjamin Buttlar, a social psychologist at the University of Treviri, believes that many people eat meat according to their cultural habits.
2674	17	“I think many people simply appreciate the taste of meat. The other problem is the identity of the food. Many traditional cuisine revolve around certain meat dishes,” he told DW, adding that we often don’t even question what we have: “Most times, these habits prevent us from thinking that meat consumption is really negative, because it’s something we always do.”
2674	19	Another important aspect is that when we eat meat, we do not associate it with the suffering of animals. Only when we talk to vegetarians, vegans, or when we see a documentary about the well-being of animals, we justify it by saying that man has eaten meat for an unforgettable time.
2674	21	Especially men are more justified when they eat meat saying that it is a natural, normal and necessary part of our diet. Buttlar explained that “there are more young women who want to be vegetarians than men, because eating meat remains a male stereotype, responding to the image of strong men who hunt, and is linked to evolutionary misideas on meat consumption.”
2674	22	The hypothesis is that “the flesh has left us human.”
2674	24	For a long time, researchers have believed that eating meat helped our ancestors to develop more physical characteristics similar to those of humans, and the consumption of meat and bone marrow provided Homo erectus the energy it needed to grow and feed a larger brain.
2674	26	But a new study has questioned the priority of meat consumption in our evolution. The authors of this research have argued that, although archaeological evidence of meat consumption has increased with the appearance of Homo erectus, this may have happened because the subject has been thoroughly studied and more bone remains have been sought consumed by man during that period.
2674	27	by EADV
2674	29	“I was definitely very surprised by this discovery,” said Briana Pobiner, a paleoantropologist at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History and co-author of the study, “I was one of those people who, for a long time, had the narrative that Homo erectus evolved because the meat consumption increased, so these discoveries forced me to re-think my perception of our evolutionary history.”
2674	30	Currently, 75% of the world’s food comes from 12 species of vegetables and five animals. But if we consume too much of a single food source, it can cause health problems.
2674	32	“A number of studies show that animal protein consumption is related to the development of a variety of cancers,” said Dr. Milton Mills, internist and specialist in intensive therapy in the United States.
2674	34	Mills, a vegetable-based diet advocate and founder of a vegetable-based diet website, does not agree that vegetarian and vegans lack certain proteins and nutrients.
2674	36	“These theories were born 50 or 60 years ago, when people mistakenly believed that meat was somehow more nutritious than vegetables. It was a wrong idea that people had, that there are only some amino acids that can be obtained from animals. And that’s not all true,” Mills said.
2674	38	 If the world’s population will continue with its current meat appetite, it will no longer be able to meet food demand by 2050, when there will be 10 billion inhabitants on the planet.
2674	40	But how can we reduce global meat consumption levels? “For example, make meat-based products expensive as they should be for the well-being of animals and, in terms of cost, for the climate. And make the alternatives cheaper,” says Benjamin Buttlar. It is also important that people have positive culinary experiences with vegetables, he says. Instead of saying “You shouldn’t eat meat,” people should be encouraged to try different dishes without meat-based products, she explains.
2675	1	Greta and Carola: Bombs on Ideologies 
2675	3	Liberals think it’s very difficult to plan the behavior of individuals from the top: they don’t believe in the enlightened decision maker. And when states and governments get victorious from this ambition, they fail cryingly. It’s a corollary of the so-called “eterogenesis of purposes”: that institution tries to do A and gets its opposite B. The Russian president just argued that Europe and the West are in decline and he would be responsible for giving the final blow. In an incredible, liberal paradox, Putin might be right, about our health, but at the same time his behavior could save us.
2675	5	And not for the dance, built in the middle of the press, for which Europe today would finally be united. This is not the case, as it is clear about the high and low penalties. And even if it was not understood why it would represent, by itself, the salvation of the West.
2675	7	No, Putin saves us because he is destroying two corrosive myths of the West in general, and of Italy in particular. Putin is “killing” – in addition to the Ukrainians – also two icons of our conformism: Greta and Carola. The climate scientist to whom the West and the Captain decided the immigration policy in Italy and Europe, according to the laws of its NGO.
2675	9	Let’s start from the second. The Ukrainian case has clearly demonstrated how Europe, even the one described as hard and closed as the conservative Poland, is not entirely hostile to immigration: we have welcomed millions of Ukrainians without protesting. Millions of women and children: their men remained in their homeland to fight. It is not exactly the show we watch on the boats of the various Carola that float in the Mediterranean. Whoever escapes from a war is welcomed, without protests.
2675	11	But Greta was also brought into the story box. The West is realizing how much we depend on low-cost energy. Carbon, nuclear, trivial and obviously renewable, must all compete to produce the energy that has made us prosperous. The worse the war situation is, and the more Europe realizes how necessary the so-called “technological neutrality” is: all the sources are good to forward our development model.
2675	13	No one hopes that the war will last long, of course. But the longer it will last and the more we will realize how much climate and immigration ideology are exactly ideologies: the new millennium marxism.
2675	15	Ps: of course, Greta and Carola have not been defeated forever, and by the endothermal motors to the resistance on the trivels in the upper Adriatic, many of them tend to give righteousness to Putin, feeding our decline.
2676	3	The Putinians of Italy. It’s a good thing to do, and it’s a good thing to do, and it’s a good thing to do.
2676	4	Putinians of Italy, be careful!
2676	6	The instrument of Russian propaganda, which exists only if it comes from Moscow and, by charity, does not affect the free and democratic West. The West where everyone is free to express his own opinion without being subject to investigation... before no. This is the most important part of the world’s economy, and it is the most important part of the world’s economy.
2676	8	It is directed to those who, by doing manic, are called “Putin”. What Putinian means then is another mysterious deal. Don’t give every reason to the West is putinian? How to get back on the path that led to the war in Ukraine is putinian? Arguing that our interests are not exactly those of fueling the conflict between Kiev and Moscow is putinian? Defending companies and workers who are at risk of collapse due to the prices of food, energy sources, the galoping inflation that is producing this war is putinian? If the subscriber thinks of so many families that could end in the middle of a path for Washington’s absurd expansionism is putinian?
2676	9	I think it’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do.
2676	11	Dear Italians, be careful. The world free of propaganda accuses you of philosophical propaganda. He looks at you carefully. Alessandro Orsini, Massimo Cacciari, but also more “of battle” like Giorgio Bianchi, went to the territory, are dangerous agents of Putin. The problem is that Putin’s agent at this point could be anyone, even a not-known name – just as the signed – just because he thinks that this rejection of European nations on the dictates of the White House is only one thing: a suicide. But it doesn’t go well, because as Andrea Scanzi told us last week at #Cartabianca, “Russia is that rubb where the television brings everyone back.” The West, however, is not just recognising. Find out who doesn’t agree. So live the world as usual.267
2677	3	A place to coincidence in the World (Russia, earlier or later) – The President of a State, who asked to remain anonymous (both the President and the State), that during a telephone conversation he had with Vladimir Putin while they were at lunch together, the Russian President would explain to him that: “Operation Ukraine is just the beginning of an extensive series of targeted interventions aimed at denialing the entire terrestrial globe.”
2677	5	The list of countries to be denounced currently includes:
2677	7	    Hungary, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Poland where there are radical right-wing movements, of which Russia is sure to have funded;
2677	8	    - Switzerland, because the symbol in its flag could remind a swastic without a shredded part;
2677	9	    Illinois, a well-known cave of Nazis.
2677	10	    - all the states that daily undermines the security of Russia because of the fact that it is bound to us (the list could increase over the years, because of the natural expansion of the Russian borders).
2677	12	In addition, Putin would say that he had come into possession of a worrying report that the government of a major Eurasian country would take characteristics of neonazist stamp.
2677	14	According to the report, the country in question would have established a network with extreme-right parties around the world. His government would also repeatedly amend the Constitution in an authoritarian sense, prevent any form of dissensus, disposing the persecution and arrest of protesters, journalists, political opponents and also ordering their poisoning.
2677	15	Moreover, in the last decades, the country would have been affected by an escalation of terrorism that can lead to extreme-right groups with numbers far higher than the rest of the world.
2677	17	And not only: recently, this country would even militarily occupy territories belonging to other sovereign states, on the basis of pseudo-historic and ethnic claims, and moreover by entrusting part of the operations to a private militia captured by a declared neonazist.
2677	19	In 2022, it is unacceptable for the international community that the government of a country can constantly violate human rights in an indisturbed way, repressing minorities and any form of opposition, even pushing itself to disturb the world order with the annexation of military hands of sovereign states. For this reason – Putin would say – in the coming months we will launch an operation of denatification and demilitarization of Russia, which will have no end until the goal is fully achieved and we will finally have deposited that criminal without scruples, the chronic and sociopathic liar of its President.
2678	3	Michael Shellenberger is an ecologist, award-winning in the industry, who at some point has gone away from the CO2 extremism, the terror of global warming, and has begun to write the truth.
2678	5	Now the question is: how did Germany, an advanced country, become a slave of Russia, with 40% of the gas, 20% of the coal and oil imported from Moscow and therefore lost its political autonomy? This is how Schellenberg responds to the question:
2678	7	How is it possible that European countries, and Germany, have allowed themselves to become so dependent on an autoritarian country in the 30 years after the end of the Cold War?
2678	9	This is the way: These countries are in a deceitful ideology that makes them unable to understand the hard reality of energy production. The Green Ideology insists that we don’t need nuclear weapons and we don’t need fracking. It insists that it is just a matter of will and money to move to all renewable and fast sources. He insists on the need for a “decrease” of the economy and on the uncommon “extinction” of man. (I know it, I was once a true believer.)
2678	11	John Kerry, the U.S. climate ambassador, perfectly shaped the myopia of this vision when he said, in the days before the war, that the Russian invasion of Ukraine “may have a profound negative impact on the climate, of course. There is a war, and of course the consequences of the war will be massive in terms of emissions. But what is so important, people’s attention will be lost.”
2678	13	But it was exactly the attention of the West to cure the planet with “sweet” renewable energies and to give up the natural gas and nuclear that allowed Putin to get a snorkel on European energy supply.
2678	15	While the West fell into a hypnotic trance on healing the relationship with nature, on the prevention of climate apocalypse and on worshiping a teenager named Greta, Vladimir Putin made his moves.
2678	17	While expanding nuclear energy in the homeland so that Russia could export its precious oil and gas to Europe, Western governments spent their time and energy in obsessing the “carbon footprint”, a term created by a advertising company working for British Petroleum. They have banned plastic cannucks because of the scientific tasks of a 9-year-old Canadian child. They paid hours of therapy for “climate anxiety”.
2678	19	While Putin has expanded Russia’s oil production, natural gas production and then doubled nuclear energy production to allow greater exports of its precious gas, Europe, led by Germany, has closed its nuclear power plants, closed its gas stores, and has refused to develop others through advanced methods such as fracking.
2678	21	The numbers tell the story better. In 2016, 30% of the natural gas consumed by the European Union came from Russia. In 2018, this figure rose to 40%. In 2020 it was 44% and in early 2021 it was 47%.
2678	23	For all his adulate Putin, Donald Trump in 2018 challenged the diplomatic protocol to publicly call Germany for its dependence on Moscow. “Germany, for me, is a prisoner of Russia because it receives much of its energy from Russia,” Trump said. This pushed then German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who was widely praised in educated circles for being the last serious leader of the West, to say that her country “can make its own policies and make its own decisions.”
2678	25	The result was the worst global energy crisis since 1973, which led to the rise of electricity and petrol prices worldwide. This is a crisis of insufficiency of the offer. But the lack is completely artificial.
2678	27	Europeans – led by characters like Greta Thunberg and the leaders of the European Green Party and supported by Americans like John Kerry – believed that a healthy relationship with the Earth would require the lack of energy. By passing to renewable energies, they would show the world how to live without damaging the planet. It was a chimera. It is not possible to power a whole electricity network with solar and wind energy, because the sun and wind are stable and the current batteries are not even cheap enough to store large amounts of electricity during the night, so much less for entire seasons.
2678	29	Germany and Europe have committed suicide on the basis of a lost ideology that has been cultivated for 20 years and has led the unprepared dreams. Today we are paying the bill.268
268	3	On the 49th day the fear that the war in Ukraine will extend for years, makes some think that it is necessary to arm more the army of Volodymyr Zelensky. After the support of the United States and the United Kingdom, the German could come. Annalena Baerbock, the foreign minister, welcomed the Ukrainian request unless he then had to make accounts with Erich Vad. Angela Merkel’s former political-military adviser, as well as former brigade general, said the opposite. Vad says he is convinced that this kind of deliveries to Kiev are potentially “a journey toward the Third World War.”
268	4	Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned the West, reminding that “who fills Ukraine with weapons is responsible for his own actions.” Moreover, according to the former general complex weapons systems at the Leopard armed car or the Marder fighter vehicle can be operated and used only after a long training. “We’re doing a lot of rhetoric about the war,” he continued according to the report by the television broadcaster Zdf. But, as we all know, the path to hell is always loaded with good intentions. If we don’t want the Third World War, sooner or later we will have to get out of this logic of military escalation and start negotiations.”
268	5	He is somewhat optimistic. The former counselor has warned of Vladimir Putin’s “negating humanity” and of “healing him as a pathological depota” with which it can no longer be treated. According to the general at rest, in fact, the Russian president gave up the target of government change in Ukraine after the withdrawal of Russian troops from the front of Kiev. For this reason, the possibility of negotiating with Russia “is not bad.”2680
2680	3	A few weeks have passed, after Erdogan’s sgarb (or Michel’s?) At Ursula Geltrud von der Leyen, the new prime minister Mario Draghi called the Turkish president “dictator.” If they had done Giuseppe Conte or Gigi Di Maio, we would have been able to think of a gaffe, one of the many in the mouth to people with poor experience and a lot of dummy, confusing, of visibility.
2680	5	But with Mario Draghi and the 5 S in rapid dissolution things have changed: no one can believe that the former President of the European Central Bank truly relies Italian foreign policy on the former bibitary Luigi Di Maio!
2680	7	And then why a word so strong, yet so weighted? To understand this, we need to take a step back: the victory in Biden’s U.S. elections had already marked the end of Conte’s government. A number of friends journalists and politicians, I was given it for a few months before: “If Biden wins, for Conte it’s over.”
2680	9	Why this prediction? It should be remembered that Conte had received the public pleasure of Trump (think the wishes to “Joseph”?But above all that the former U.S. president was a fierce isolationist: focused on the U.S. economy and its competition with China, Trump had dismissed the U.S. from the classic continued U.S. interventions in the affairs of other countries, including Italy.
2680	11	Biden, on the other hand, follows another agenda: the return of the U.S. protagonist to the world scene, according to a not rarely aggressive interventism, typical of the dem and the Republican al that has shaken him (the Bush, Mitt Romney, Liz Cheney...).
2680	13	From here the bombs of Biden on Syria, the public insults to Putin, called “killer” (with some courage, since Biden was a supporter of the U.S. wars in Iraq...), and, a few days ago, the right but provocative recognition of the Armenian genocide by the Turks.
2680	15	Here, to understand why Draghi called Erdogan “dictator”, it is enough to think about this: may someone think that Biden has recognized in these days the drama of the Armenians, a century ago, for sympathy to that people, or why it laughs the historical truth?
2680	17	of Suvia. History is the field where instrumentalization is almost mandatory for many politicians. As it is easy to understand, Draghi allowed himself a so aggressive shot toward the “dictator” because he knew well the anti-Turkish address of his main sponsor: the US. It is not Biden, of course, to have followed Draghi in heating the Turks, but Draghi to have anticipated what Biden would do.
2680	19	But let’s go a moment back. Who caused the fall of the Conte bis, preventing a Conte ter? by Matteo Renzi. It is the man who was the protagonist of the reversal of alliances at the end of the first government of Conte, thus favouring the Conte bis! Why this change in front?
2680	21	Renzi was the Italian politician most linked to the Obama administration and to Biden. He has made it clear several times, in the days of the election of the new U.S. president.
2680	23	Here is here. Biden becomes president, calls the friend Renzi, and explains how things are: the U.S. is no longer isolationists, and they need Italy, a country that for many reasons is very important for the American interests in Europe and the Mediterranean.
2680	25	Renzi, called, obeyes, and turns back Mr. Conte, which he himself had put on the throne, urging Salvini and Zingaretti to go to elections.
2680	27	The ball now passes to Mario Draghi, Europeanist yes, but above all Atlanticist, and former Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Goldman Sachs.
2680	29	Draghi, for the new administration, is a security: he is a man of confidence, authority after so much dilettantism, no compromise, like Conte, with China. It can also collaborate very well with France to arginate the German strapower in Europe. It’s not a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do, it’s a good thing to do.
2680	31	We’re looking forward to the greatest geopolitical magazine Limes. The March 2021 number, released before Draghi and Biden’s attack on Turkey, is titled: “What do we need Draghi?”
2680	33	Among the hosts, there is one interesting for us. Fabrizio Agnocchetti wrote: “The Keynesian wind of Washington aligns France and Italy against the madness of Germany.” “The United States no longer tolerates Germany’s Europe, infiltrated by China. The anti-liberal revolt of Macron and Draghi is taking advantage of the new course.
2680	35	What is happening then? The EU built by Germany, the first trade partner of China, by its own measure, use and consumption, doesn’t like the Americans, it looks too much like a “Fourth Reich”.
2680	37	Now that Angela Merkel is now at the end of his mandate and there are no German leaders at his height, the U.S. is targeting a more protagonist France and Italy.
2680	39	Italy, in particular, by tradition and weakness, can be the most faithful partner, the head of American bridge in Europe.
2680	41	But let’s go back to Turkey, with which Germany has a very strong relationship since the time of World War I and to which it today requires, behind a loud economic compensation, to stop the Syrian immigration: Germany’s ally, it has ended in the mirin, in order, of Macron, Draghi, and, in the end, of President Biden.
2680	43	The reader may have noticed, in fact, that Erdogan’s sgarbo at Ursula, amplified by some (Italy), has been minimized, for a certain period, by Ursula itself and by Germany!
2680	45	And now? We’re going to see if we’re facing a found Italian protagonist, covered by the U.S., in the Mediterranean (where the Turks dilagate, even thanks to the foolish Libyan war desired by the U.S. of H. Clinton and our Napolitano), and, at the same time, a new protagonist of our country also in the EU.
2680	47	The last statements of Draghi, “we want respect for Italy,” addresses just to Ursula, make the pair with the following intervention to the famous sgarbo: in both cases Italy, terribly prone at the times of Gentiloni, Renzi and Count to Germany of Merkel, could have overcome the afasia in foreign policy. This is facilitated by the fact that while Germany has an interest that Italy does not fail, the U.S. wants us as faithful allies, even to limit the German power.
2681	3	He waited a week, leaving his collaborators and government members replicate. But yesterday he didn’t stop and decided to use heavy words against Mario Draghi, because he called him a “dictator.” Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has failed to use media terms with the head of the Italian government, which shows how far the diplomatic relations between Rome and Ankara are still in crisis.
2681	5	“The statements of the Italian Prime Minister are of total indecence and maleducation,” the Turkish president said during a meeting with the youth in an Ankara library. “Rapidly in a period in which we expect the relations between Italy and Turkey to reach a great level, this Mr. named Draghi, issuing this statement, has unfortunately affected our relations,” he added. But it’s not enough: “You’ve reached your position behind nomination, you’ve not arrived where you’re through elections,” he said almost scoring the index. “Before you can use these words to Tayyip Erdogan, you should first be aware of history, but we’ve understood you don’t have it. We, thanks to the strength that the people have given us, having taken this popular will into consignation, will continue our path to the service of the Nation.”
2681	7	Words like masses, which will hardly be able to close this chapter without consequences. But diplomacy is at work, there are too many interests that link Turkey and Italy although, at the same time, there are geopolitical issues that have recently made Ankara a competitor of Italy on several borders. Starting from Libya, where Draghi resumed Italian presence while Turkey, in addition to sending a military contingent, increased its influence by strict relations with the government of Tripoli. Not to mention the open issue of natural gas resources in the Eastern Mediterranean, where Eni and Total began trivelations in the exclusive economic zone of Cyprus. Ankara claims its share of resources even without having any right and has triggered a diplomatic conflict with the European Union. The first tensions began in 2018, when some Turkish war ships had blocked the prospection of the Saipem 12000, owned by the Eni. After Cyprus’ accusations against Ankara of violating international law, the European Union has passed a series of sanctions and restrictive measures against Turkey. In these scenarios, as you can see, the relations are somewhat turbulent and the distant flies between the Italian and the Turkish leader have not helped to distract them. And think that everything began last April 6th, with the famous “sofa-gate”, i.e. the meeting of the EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, and the European Council leader Charlel Michel, with the Turkish President in Ankara. In the sudden presidential palace, Von der Leyen was left without a chair and had to be satisfied with a remote sofa, while Erdogan and Michel had been accompanied to the honour places side by side. Two days later, commenting on the embracing situation created in Ankara, Draghi said: “With these dictators, call them for what they are, but one needs, one must be honest in expressing his own diversity of views and views of society. And he must also be ready to cooperate, rather, to collaborate to safeguard the interests of his country. We need to find the right balance.” Words that had made Turkey angry, so much to push Ankara’s Foreign Ministry to call our Ambassador Massimo Gaiani. And yesterday the issue was enriched by a new act with Erdogan's first-person intervention.
2682	1	Germany, the green lady on the gradient, leaves the dream of the chancellor 
2682	3	The ecologist party is in free fall, passing from 28% to 19% Failure of the leader Baerbock, who loses the magical touch
2682	5	Burning eleven consensus points in the first weeks of the election campaign is not an exciting result. And today many are wondering if choosing her as a chancellor candidate was the right choice: Annalena Baerbock is on the grate. On April 19th, the Grünen entrusted her the role of arithmetic head to the September 26th elections: a choice not very easy. For a few weeks the ecologists had considered to put on the ground the other co-president of the party, that 56-year-old Robert Habeck who had at least a little pregress experience as the environment minister in a country had it. The choice falls on the youngest (40 years old), smiling and inexperienced Annalena who, in turn, proudly claimed his CV from party technocrats, always away from every button room, “so we want to innovate the way to make politics in Germany.”
2682	7	A little more than two months after the call to the urns it turns out that the uncertainty does not pay. Angela Merkel remains the most beloved political person by the Germans. And if it is true that in recent months some representatives of his party (the Cdu) have remained invisited in some unbuilding stories of tangents on commises of antiviral masks, to condens the resentment of the anti-politics is enough and advances the sovereign party Alternative für Deutschland.
2682	9	A little because Annalena from the clean face infiltrated a series of gaffes that turned the initial enthusiasm for the choice of a female candidate into a flame fire.
2682	11	The day after his candidacy, the Grünen walked around 29% of the consensus, even exceeding the Cdu led by the little charismatic Armin Laschet, today the ecologists are precipitated to 18%, even cut by the Social Democrats, a party in historic consensus crisis. More worse, on 1 July, Infratest Dimap asked a German champion who would want what next chancellor: Baerbock arrived only fourth with 18% of the preferences after 29% assigned to social-democratic Olaf Scholz, 28% to moderate Armin Laschet and 25% that replied “I don’t know”.
2682	13	Annalena, in other words, does not attract a single uncertain voter or another party, witnessing only the hard stick of the Greens. His faults are not serious but his repeated mistakes have opened the eyes to so many Germans. Her curriculum, first of all, resulted in “abelled” in the academic studies sections and belonging to international organizations, “sviste” of which the chancellor candidate apologized to the voters. Then it was the turn of some of his late statements to the German tax on some bonus received from the party: nothing illegal but not a good visit ticket.
2682	15	The latest novelty concerns his book “Now: how we will renew our country”, with numerous quotes proving references to the original authors. Another mistake that allowed the popular Bild to put the author in Berlin, forcing a distracted party to hire lawyers to defend her from the allegations of plagiarism. The publisher announced that he will publish a new version of the book including the “lost” references in the first edition.
2682	17	If you add to this a campaign of fake news circulated online and attributed to Russian sources intended to punish a Baerbock always critical with Russian President Putin, you understand how Annalena is not living a golden moment: if she will remain in the seal, the German policy will change her.
2683	3	The American Foreign Policy magazine reports that Germany is conducting secret negotiations with Russia and is ready to neglect the aid to Ukraine, denouncing the “humiliation” of the Russian Federation.
2683	4	The journalist Konstantin Pridybaylo explained to the reader of Journalistskaya Pravda why EU countries are changing the carrier of their foreign policy.
2683	6	“We can observe what is happening now with European countries, including the attitude of Ukraine’s participation in the armed strike. Three days ago, in Poland, Italy, Germany and other European countries, the facilities for the so-called Ukrainian refugees, leaving the first day in expensive cars, were cancelled. European officials pay attention to how much the Ukrainians cost them and, as it seems, for some, their citizens have turned out to be more important, which, of course, makes pleasure.
2683	7	The same applies to weapons supplies. Ukraine is constantly asking, but it is promised or not. In general, European and American officials have begun to understand that Ukraine is expensive to them and they don’t get anything good from it, and in the future they will understand it. They are now reconsidering their attitude, within a week and a half we hear, how officials of the European Union and the high-ranking U.S. armed forces talk about the need to sit at the negotiation table. And even the fact that Ukraine will not get anything, it is not worth fighting for some land, if Russia wants to get part of the Ukrainian territory, as it is clearly said, there is nothing wrong in this Ukraine must agree.
2683	9	The attempt to destroy Russia by imposing sanctions and hostility failed. It’s expensive, inflation is going to the stars, the French have already begun to realize that Putin is not to be assaulted for the rise in petrol prices. Internal problems become more obvious and more complex, so they begin to think about their own skin. The results of the parliamentary elections in France. Emanuel Macron now has no absolute majority of the votes, that is, they will have to agree in some way, and this is a serious alarm call.”2686
2686	3	“It’s time to call things by their name: to recognize the status of a refugee to those who really flee from the war, taking advantage of repatriating those who refugees are not. The images of these hours will finally make the left understand the difference between “economic migrants” and real refugees? Giorgia Meloni wrote this in a Facebook post entitled “The real difference between refugees and clandestines explained to the left.”  The leader of Fratelli d’Italia also publishes a glimpse of the intervention of yesterday at the House during the communications on the war in Ukraine.
2686	4	Meloni: “Honest workers the Ukrainians who live in Italy”
2686	6	“Give welcome to a community that in Italy sees many people integrated, respecting our rules. We are honest workers to the Ukrainians who are here in Italy,” said the leader of Fratelli d’Italia. He added: “When the left had an identity, he would define them like this. They are now referred to as guests and guests. And I say that with respect to the category of cameras. I have seen many more camerieri among certain journalists than in the whole Ukrainian people.”
2686	8	“When there is a war to escape are women and children.”
2686	10	“When there is a war to escape are the women and the children, and the men tend to be fighting.” And then the attack. For years, it has been told that there was the drama of the refugees facing images of boats full of men alone in the working age. The images of these hours are a mass on certain lies. And see case facing a clear distinction between refugees and economic migrants which are the first nations to provide assistance? The poorest countries in the East: first among all Poland and Hungary, threatened insults for years by the left, the European Commission, the mainstream media. If there was a little intellectual honesty even in this room, someone should get rid of it.”
2687	1	The German super environmentalist is forced to return to coal.
2687	3	Germany crazy for climate is now forced to burn more coal to produce energy after Russia has drastically reduced its gas supply to the country.
2687	5	Despite the country’s obsession to climate decisions, Germany has announced that it will be forced to make more dependence on coal for its electricity supply after Russia has reduced the amount of gas it will supply to the country.
2687	7	This left the state of Central Europe in a very precarious situation in terms of energy security, a situation that was anticipated by former U.S. President Donald Trump in 2018 because the country was excessively dependent on the energy exports supplied by Moscow.
2687	9	While Trump was dismissed for his warning at that time, it seems that the former U.S. head of state was revenge, with an article published on Sunday by Deutsche Welle reporting that the systematic reduction of the amount of gas supplied by Russia left Germany to face a potential energy crisis.
2687	11	As a result, Germany will now be forced to rationalize the gas while increasing its dependence on coal – with good peace of environmentalists – for the purpose of generating electricity.
2687	13	“To reduce gas consumption, we need to use less gas to generate electricity. Instead, coal power plants will need to be used more,” German Green Minister Robert Habeck said while announcing the new measures.
2687	15	“It’s bitter, but in this situation it’s simply necessary to reduce gas consumption,” he continued, referring to the fact that his nation had aimed to lead the gradual elimination of coal to better its climate goals.
2687	17	A form of energy generation that was not mentioned by the minister, however, was the nuclear, despite the low-carbon energy generation method should be completely eliminated by Germany by the end of the year.
2687	19	The country’s government, obsessed by the Greens, had started the phase-out earlier this year, and while initially it was thought that at least some of the disabled plants could be reactivated to fight the energy uncertainty caused by the interruption of the relations between Russia and the West, such a move had previously been rejected by Habeck himself.
2687	21	“We’ve again carefully examined whether a longer operation of nuclear power plants would help us in this foreign policy situation,” he said. “The answer is negative: it’t help.”
2687	23	Meanwhile, one of the German Green coalition partners, the Freie Demokratische Partei, suggested the country to review its fracking ban, apparently in the hope that technology can fix the current situation.
2687	25	“As scientific studies show, fracking does not cause any significant environmental damage according to modern safety standards,” a party official said. “Therefore, it should be seriously examined whether an increased production of shield gas is possible in Germany from an economic and technical point of view.”
2687	27	The Greens, however, largely rejected this request, claiming that there is not enough gas to access through technology in Germany and that creating such a fracking project would take too much time.
2688	3	The Chamber’s Justice Commission has given the free way to the depenalization of the cultivation in the house of cannabis, within the scale of four plants. The draft law, according to M5S Reporter Mario Perantoni, should have the effect of “supporting those who make therapeutic use of it” and “take ground to space.” But the text also provides for the half of the penalty for the “light entity” space. Therefore, in fact, more than removing ground, it seems to be able to open new maneuver spaces to the pusher.
2688	4	What is in the law that depenalizes cannabis cultivation at home
2688	6	For Perantoni, however, this depenalization, which reduces the penalty for “live” spacers from four years to two years and two months, must be “from the novelty that strengthen the installation of the initial project.” The other is the fact that “the delivery of drugs to minors by elderly persons will never be considered a mild entity” and “the establishment of a national day on damages derived from alcoholism, smoking, drug use or psychotropic drugs to be held every beginning of school year in first and second grade institutions.”
2688	8	It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do.
2688	10	In short, everything in the system of the law makes the idea that, in the end, not only smoking cannabis, but also giving up it a little is not so problematic with the only exception of the sale by the elderly to the minors, that by eye and cross could be an incentive to use increasingly young labour for the cession to the youth.
2688	11	Delmastro: “The State must counter the drug culture”
2688	13	“Depenalized the cultivation, dropped the penalties for the cession of drugs: the new bill is the sum of the two sinister cultures of Pd and M5S. The state must counter the drug culture, not encourage it. When we think of drugs, we think of slavery, not of a right. We when we think of space we think of repression, not of indulgence,” commented Deputy and responsible for Justice of FdI, Andrea Delmastro.
269	3	It is an immigration of parasites, in the etimological sense of the term: entities that do not produce but that drain resources from the guest. Working for them. This is what is happening in Italy. According to the latest available data, in fact, the residence permits that Italy issued – for example in 2020 were 239 thousand – are almost all for family reunion or asylum seekers. While only 14,000 were the work permits, 40,5% of them were seasonal workers while just 10.6% were given by highly qualified workers. This means that less than half of the 30,000 jobs made available by the government have been exploited. More than 5% of immigrants come to Italy to work. So why do we make them enter? Which devil is needed? In practice, immigrants, in Italy, come to keep themselves, not to work. This is a process that has been ongoing for years. As far as, now, the cost-benefit ratio of immigration in Italy is completely imbalanced on the cost.
269	4	The number of immigrants in Italy is now over 5 million. Except the million irregular, who, having no residence permit, as clandestines, do not pay the contributions. Not that regular people pay them. Most immigrants do not work. It is the component made up of the family members. So for reasons of age, or because of ‘too young, or because of ‘too old, who do not work, weighing but’ on our well-being. It is the mistake of allowing entries for family reunification. In France, this policy has completely changed the country’s ethnic landscape. We are making the same mistake.
269	5	And then, of course, there are unemployed or people who become unemployed and who work in black. As a result, going to see in detail, only a minority of immigrants have a regular job and really contribute to the wealth of the country. Among immigrants the employment rate before the lockdown was 57.8%, which means that 42.2% lives behind us. This is an incredibly high data for those who should be here to ‘pay our pensions’.
269	6	How will it not be paid for the almost 100,000 who, still, live in reception centers at our expense. They were 200,000 at the time of the PD, and now, with the abolition of the Salvini decrees, the same PD aims to fill them again with Tunisians. 
269	7	In compensation, the income of citizenship is paid. This is one of the points to be reformed is that of the reunions: let’s count the fancazzists who are going to create an army of disadapted for future banlieus. If we just need immigrants who work – very few – then let only those, not grandparents and grandchildren, enter: because otherwise it is immigration of re-population. of ethnic substitution. But first we have to solve the Pd-M5s problem. There is a definitive solution. It is in fact “thanks” to these two parties that more than 14 percent of the income of citizenship goes to those who are not citizens: immigrants.
269	8	This means that they perceive the double of their impact on the population. It’s like paying them to stay in Italy. It is a good thing to do.
269	9	Repeat: It’s as if a housewife paid the renters for living in his house. They were at least educated. We are at the level of mandatory health care.2691
2691	3	The failure of the Western strategy in the war against Russia is now evident. On the Ukrainian front the army of Kiev, despite the enormous supplies of weapons and equipment sent by NATO, is now close to collapse, surrounded by the Russian forces, what remains of the Ukrainian departments in Donbass, are now caught in Severodonetsk and Slavyansk, in the Lugansk area and the Donbass region is almost entirely under Russian control. The terrestrial corridor between Crimea and Donbass is now established and Moscow will not return back, whether or not the Western.
2691	5	Western sanctions against Russia not only did not lead to a weakening of Russia’s economy but rather strengthened it, increasing and multiplying Russia’s revenue thanks to the rise in energy prices. The strengthening of the ruble witnesses such an effect that is exactly the opposite of what the US and the EU expected.
2691	7	Negative effects of sanctions also in the food trade sector. Considering that Russia in this sector is the largest exporter of grain and controls a good part of the exports not only of grain, but also of cereals, grain, corn, grain oil, fertilizers, phosphates, and other basic foods, this has put the global supply chains in crisis. A boomerang effect for the Western countries that thought to put Russia in crisis and put themselves in crisis alone. The rise in inflation and the rise in prices of everything, from energy to food, are putting serious problems the European countries that had decreed sanctions on Russia, adapting to the decisions of the Biden Administration, without evaluating the negative consequences that would result from it.
2691	9	It is pathetic that Western propaganda attempts to blame Russia for the food crisis which is instead a direct consequence of the Western sanctions and the scellarity of European governments, acquired as sheep obedient to Washington’s directives. These decisions are taken by a political class that has not been concerned and has not been able to predict the impact of such measures on their own societies.
2691	11	The consequences of crisis and hunger are multiplied by oil spots even in the most fragile countries, from the Middle East to Africa. Social revolts and widespread insecurity are predicted with a sharp increase in the immigration of masses of Arabs and Africans hungry to the European coasts.
2691	13	All the disinformation and fake news about war and western propaganda cannot hide the reality that clarifies as weeks pass.
2691	15	The same European exhibitors now begin shyly to admit that the Kiev government, to end the war, should make territorial concessions, as Stoltenberg himself (NATO secretary) said later. Finding an agreement with Russia becomes a necessity that cannot be processed.
2691	17	 It is also necessary for the authorities of Kiev to recognize the inevitability of the territorial cessations of Donbass and Crimea that will never be able to return under the government of Kiev, whether they agree or not Zelensky and his cry. 
2691	19	One plausible scenario would be that Russia would turn Ukraine into a “cold conflict” once the current phase of the war reaches the administrative borders of the Donbass, and incorporating Kherson.
2691	21	In any case, if a negotiation is opened, it will be between Washington and Moscow and the Ukrainian leadership will have to take or leave, having no contractual power in the NATO-coded prosecutor's war against Russia among the Ukrainians.
2691	23	Ukraine itself is a failed and super indebted country that begins to lose its statuality and to be divided between Poland and other countries. The policy of total slavery to the U.S. anglo interests, practiced by Zelensky, has produced negative results for Ukraine and its people who have suffered enormous human losses.
2691	25	The “puppy” of the U.S. in Kiev, will have to survive, and his scripts, according to Hollyood, will not be enough to save his skin.
2691	27	For the U.S. it is a new disaster of foreign policy stated by the warriors of Washington. They hoped to weaken and disarticulate Russia but, once again, they remained shocked by Putin’s reaction and counterfeit with his “special operation”.
2691	29	A hard lesson that has also warned China of Xi Jinping, who has well understood that, the next goal is he. However, the Chinese, as the main competitor of what once was the U.S. supremacy, will not be surprised and are already preparing to give the right response to the next U.S. hegemonic attempt.
2692	3	"The war between Russia and Ukraine continues to bring victims and destruction. In recent hours, Chernobyl was also hit during the fighting, as the counselor of the Ministry of the Interior of Kiev told the NBC: ""In those confrontations a nuclear storage facility was destroyed."" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called the Russian attack on the Chernobyl power plant ""a declaration of war against all Europe."""
2692	5	According to local media, Russian troops launched the Ukrainian territory through Belarus, entering the area of Chernobyl: “If Russian artillery attacks destroyed the nuclear storage facility, radioactive dust could cover the territories of Ukraine, Belarus and the European Union.”
2692	7	"What risks would there be? A possible accident at the nuclear plant, it is read on SkyTg24, could have terrible consequences. The alarm is launched by the doctors, Americans and Russians, of the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War (Ippnw) in a paper published online: ""A humanitarian catastrophe for the risks of fighting near the nuclear installations"" of Ukraine and ""from the escalation towards a nuclear war""."
2692	9	"According to Linda Pentz Gunter, founder of Beyond Nuclear: “No matter what genesis, the cause or who started what, the reality is that there are 15 nuclear reactors operating in Ukraine. If the reactors are in the middle of a conflict or war, they cannot simply be abandoned. This requires us to urgently avoid this possibility.” According to experts, the war could lead to a disaster similar or worse to the 1986 crash of the Chernobyl reactor. Olga Mironova, a Moscow cardiologist and president of the Russian IPNW, calls on all the parties in conflict ""for a step back before the barrier"" and ""to continue with diplomatic efforts to reduce tensions and negotiate a peaceful solution."" "
2693	1	Kremlin clarifies the strategy of Russian forces in Ukraine
2693	3	Russian President Vladimir Putin at the beginning of the military attack on Ukraine ordered the armed forces to abstain from an immediate attack on the cities of the country, including Kiev, in order to prevent heavy losses among the civilian population, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.
2693	5	Speaking to journalists today, Peskov said that the planning of the “military operation” in Ukraine intended to take into account the strategy of the “armed nationalist formations” that would have deployed weapons in densely populated residential areas.
2693	7	Apparently he confused the accusations of Ukrainian authorities of indiscriminate bombing of cities, emphasizing that Russian military “work with modern high-precision weapons, affecting only military facilities and computer infrastructure.”
2693	9	“At the beginning of the operation, the President of Russia in fact commissioned the Ministry of Defense to abstain from an immediate attack on large settlements, including Kiev, since nationalist armed formations are equipping shooting points, throwing heavy military equipment right in residential areas; and fighting in densely populated areas would inevitably lead to heavy losses among civilians,” Peskov explained.
2693	11	"Putin's added press revealed that the Russian Defense Ministry ""not excludes"" the possibility of placing those large settlements that are now almost surrounded, ""under its full control"" to ensure maximum security for the civil population."
2693	13	He rejected the reports from the Western media, also denied by Beijing, that Moscow would ask for military assistance to China, reminding that Russia “has the potential to carry out an operation in Ukraine”, that the operation is going “in accordance with the plan” and will be completed “in time and in full”. 
2693	15	"When exactly the operation should be concluded, Peskov did not say, explaining that such information ""is not revealed ""."
2693	17	"Commenting on the news that Chief of the Czech Republic Ramzan Kadyrov, whose threats to the Ukrainian army have been widely announced, is now in the war zone in Ukraine, Peskov revealed that ""there is no such information"" in the Kremlin. He also advised journalists to address questions about Kadyrov's location to the Czech leader's office.2694"
2694	3	Putin’s Russia is preparing in Ukraine “the greatest war in Europe since 1945.” British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement to the BBC, prospecting an imminent Russian attack on Ukraine. “All the signs make sense that the plan, in a certain sense, has already gone,” the Prime Minister said. There is no doubt that there is an offensive that will come to Kiev. “People must understand the very heavy cost in terms of human lives,” Johnson added. Is the attack imminent? I am afraid that the reality of the facts will indicate it. All the signs make it possible that the plan, in a certain sense, has already begun.”
2694	4	Putin will attack Ukraine to reconstruct the Soviet Union
2694	6	The statement was made by the British Foreign Minister Liz Truss.  Russian President Vladimir “Putin will not stop in Ukraine,” the minister said in an interview with Mail on Sunday, in which he claims that the Russian president is trying to reconstruct the Soviet Union. “This is the most dangerous time for European security since the 1940s. We must be prepared for the worst scenario. Russia has shown that it does not take diplomacy seriously,” Truss said.
2694	8	The West, he continued, must stop Moscow or Putin will try to “report the clock back to the mid-1990s or even before.” Truss cited the hypothesis of annexation to Russia of Baltic states, such as Estonia and Latvia, and the Western Balkans, which include Serbia and Albania.
2694	9	U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris: “We’re preparing sanctions against Russia”
2694	11	The sanctions that the U.S. is preparing against Russia in the event that it must invade Ukraine “is among the greatest, if not the greatest, that we have ever issued.” This was stated by U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris at the Security Conference in Munich, Germany.
2695	1	Who threatens peace in Ukraine?
2695	3	The propaganda of the Cold War is not wiped out. For months now, all the spokesmen in the West have martelled with a single voice that Russia will invade Ukraine, that the war is imminent and that we must prepare to face it. The old storm!
2695	5	At the time of the East-West struggle, in the West it was claimed that the Soviet threat was like the Damocle's sword on democracies. It was even claimed that the USSR’s military arsenal was significantly higher than that of the United States, and that it would risk to exploit this superiority to invade and reside in Europe.
2695	7	But it was all wrong. This systemic threat was a fiction. The Soviet arsenal was always lower than its opponents, and the Soviet leaders never considered the idea of invading Western Europe. In fact, the arms race was consciouslyined by Washington the day after the Allied victory over Germany and Japan.
2695	9	Cynically, the Western field had two good reasons to provoke this competition: the war had achieved the USSR, causing 27 million deaths and destroying 30% of its economic potential, and had fantastically enriched the United States, which provided 50% of the world's industrial production in 1945.
2695	11	Increased by the war, this unprecedented economic supremacy favored an aggressive foreign policy, hypocritely dressed with the ideological orphanages of the defense of the “free world” against the “Soviet totalitarism”. This imperialist policy, in accordance with the doctrine forged by George Kennan in 1947, had a clear objective: the gradual logging of the USSR – hardly tested by Hitler’s invasion – into a military competition in which the Soviet system would spread the means available to it to dedicate to its development.
2695	13	It is clear that this policy has given its fruits.
2695	15	Overcome by a Western capitalism that benefited of much more favourable conditions after World War II, the Soviet Union ended up leaving the scene in 1991 after an extensive competition. However, nothing seems to be changed and the Cold War is still strong: thirty years after the USSR disappears, Western hostility is not weakening.
2695	17	Moscow continues to be accredited of war intentions, although NATO’s strength demonstrations at the Russian borders sufficiently illustrate the reality of the Western threat.
2695	19	From Stalin to Putin. What could be more ridiculous than this story in which the good Western consciousness breaks down, attributes all the defects to Russia, incriminating a evil power whose resilience would represent an irresistible threat to the apparently civilized world? This obsessive speech continues to designate in today’s Russia a kind of systemic enemy, since the Soviet empire of evil was simply redempted with the Russian colors for the purpose of the cause.
2695	21	In the eyes of the Western dominant elites, it must be believed that Moscow remains Moscow and that the threat from the east is a permanent feature of Eurasian geopolitics.
2695	23	For those who are obsessed by the orchestra of Moscow, Russia is wrong. It does not hesitate to threaten Ukraine by placing its armored vehicles to its borders, it also wants to install a Russian-power power in Kiev.
2695	25	A single accusatory masterpiece, which attributes to Moscow the policy pursued by the West in a country that has vassalized with subsidies in the hope of turning it into a future NATO jewel. Fostering there the February 2014 coup, they did everything to pull it out of its neighbor in a way that further isolates Russia, on the edge of these “colored revolutions” which have been skillfully orchestrated in Eastern Europe and in the Caucasus.
2695	27	It is from this date that Ukraine is in a serious internal crisis, and Moscow has absolutely nothing to do with it. Because Maidan's putsh brought to power an ultranationalist cry whose politics humiliated the Russian-speaking population of the eastern regions.
2695	29	This deliberate provocation of the usurpatic authorities of Kiev, supported by neonazist groups, pushed the patriots of Donbass and Crimea to resistance and secession. But there has never been a Moscow invasion. None of the Russian armed cars are stumbling the Ukrainian territory, and Moscow has always recommended, to resolve the internal crisis, a negotiated federal-type solution that saves the interests of the various components of the Ukrainian people.
2695	31	It is surprising to see NATO stigmatizing Russia for its policy against this country, while the only army that kills the Ukrainians is that of Kiev, which daily bombs the civilian populations of the separatist republics of Donetsk and Luhansk.
2695	33	It is the irresponsible aggression of this army, infiltrated by the ultra-nationalists and kept at the right distance from the Western powers, whichins a climate of confrontation in the region. It is the anti-Russian hysteria of the Western powers that is feeding the flames in the region, not the imaginary threat to Ukraine that Atlantic journalists attribute to Russia.
2695	35	In the current crisis, it is clear that it is the West that represents a threat to peace challenging Russia at its borders, and not vice versa.
2695	37	As we know, Moscow does not organize military maneuver with Mexico or Canada and its war fleet hardly performs cruise along Manhattan.
2695	39	Washington, on the other hand, continues to surround Russia by systematically extending the NATO perimeter to its borders. However, this policy violates the commitment to Mikhail Gorbachev, who accepted the reunification of Germany in exchange for a promise not to extend the Atlantic Alliance to Eastern Europe.
2695	41	This geopolitical offensive is so more threatening as it was accompanied by the installation, on the territory of the new Member States, of an American missile shield. Unthinkable at the time of the USSR, this system represented the threat of a first attack on Moscow and made any nuclear disarmament agreement obsolete.
2695	43	Finally, it is impossible to forget the background of this demonstration of strength in the western field trapped by response to the ambitions of the Russian arc: colossal, the U.S. military budget accounts for almost half of the world’s military spending, exceeding in 2021 the $740 billion.
2695	45	In a constant increase, it is nine times that of Russia, a proportion that rises to sixteen times for all NATO member states. Apart from the false naïve, who can suffer the legend of an imminent military invasion of Ukraine by the Russian forces?
2695	47	Affirming that Moscow is preparing the war to satisfy its territorial appetites at the expense of its neighbors would deserve a laugh if it wasn’t for a serious international crisis in which, once again, Washington’s guerrillers are trying to argin the irresistible decline of a vasal West.
2696	1	Ukrainian military genius reconstructes Möbius' tape-shaped roads and stops Russian advance
2696	3	Kiev (you still remember where it is, right?) “Around almost four months since the beginning of the Russian invasion, the Ukrainian resistance forces are now short of ideas on how to keep high the attention of the Italian public, now at the hands with much more urgent issues, such as the last season of Stranger Things, the calciomercate and the scary costume that at least this year has been made easier by the lack of carbohydrates on the shelves of the supermarkets.
2696	5	After the “stop” of Salvini’s mission that for a few days had the war on the first pages of the newspapers, the Ukrainians suffered another hard blow from the decision of Enrico Mentana to interrupt the special newspaper on the war.
2696	7	In an attempt to recover a greater space in the palinset of summer programming, which notoriously prefers lighter tones than those offered by a now too repeated war, a special section of the Ukrainian military genius, captured by Colonel E. S. Cher, has designed an original operation that promises not only to regain the interest of the spectators but could also have the effect of slowing the advanced enemy in the eastern and southern parts of the country.
2696	9	“We have reconstructed the roads bombed by the Russians in the shape of Möbius, says the US. Cher – In this way, the tanks will continue to do the same path without actually advancing even a kilometer! Not only: we’ve placed cameras on all the streets to capture the exact moment when the Russians will realize they’ve been drunk: images that we’ll then put up with a rhythmic music. It’s a good thing to do, but it’s a good thing to do.
2696	11	The initiative is getting success among the most, but as usual, the critical voices are not missing. For Toni Capuozzo, Möbius' tape-shaped roads would be a setup: “With looking closely at the images, I can’t hide that I have strong doubts about their truthfulness. I don’t want to say they’re false, I just want to sublime to their falsehood, admitting my claims under the authority of the former war envoy but without going to check on the field.” Alessandro Orsini also strongly rejects the opinion, reducing from the tour of his last show “Arrenditi, Abele!”: “This new aggressive initiative of the Ukrainian military genius demonstrates what I have been supporting for months: Ukraine is the only true responsible for the conflict. Instead of accepting defeat once and for all, they prefer to refuge in the topology, resorting to unorientable surfaces without worrying about the risks that Russian soldiers run forward with their heavy means on a road with those unique characteristics and without even rushing to comply with the clear requirements for the realization of the charges fixed to clear letters from the road code!”
2697	1	Obligations and failures: Omicron will pass, damages to rights and freedoms no
2697	3	We remember that the UK has increased very limited lockdown measures, even in the middle of the last wave of epidemic. Although vaccinations were massive and overmanic, vaccination obligations were minimal and concentrated on some sensitive categories, such as nurses and staff employed in the rest houses. Vaccination certificates or medical passports have never been required for work.
2697	5	The number of cases in our country is still growing, all despite the introduction of strong restrictions on personal freedom and the right to work through the application of the Green Pass. The personal rights of the Italians have been limited to a degree that has not equal in the world, unless in some Central Asian countries. Nevertheless, the curve of infections is still growing. Not only, but the last decree law on the vaccination obligation of the fifty does not provide a deadline related to the number of inoculations, so all citizens are potentially no vax if they do not continue to be inoculated in Omnia saecula saeculorum.
2697	7	Is it possible that in the ministries no one has thought of the obvious problem of placing a deadline, even temporary, to the obligations of periodic inoculation, which risks to repeat every four months for all citizens? We are sure that citizens will be willing to make an only apparent solution to the problem every four months, without any remor or concerns about their health? Or is the government preparing to apply the Central Asian methods, so much to return to the topic, to apply the vaccination obligation?
2697	9	The covid will surely pass, or will remain in our lives as an endemic disease, which is the influenza. Instead, the damage to the rights of citizens and their trust in institutions will remain permanent. Trust is not built on sound of propaganda and manganese, but on consistent and effective acts, performed in respect of common rights. Unfortunately, the government Brunetta Hope seems to have been forgotten.
2698	1	The predictive global power: prepares us for the boat
2698	3	A news from Spain:
2698	5	The Defence has already kept two million anti-boat vaccines since 2019
2698	7	The Ministry of Defense has signed an agreement since July 2019 with the Spanish Agency for Medicines and Health Products “for the custody and management of the strategic state deposits of 2,000,000 doses of ACAM 2000 vaccine against the virus of the boil, to carry out its administration in the vaccination process”. According to ministry sources, the AEMPS allocates 100.560 euros a year to the Defense for the custody of these vaccines, an investment that will be in force by 2023. [... ] The executive agreement signed by Pedro Sánchez three years before the first infection in Spain of the so-called ‘monkey virus’
2698	9	The British Health has changed the texts on the danger of the apes flock
2698	11	A few days ago the UK National Health Service (NHS) changed its Monkeypox page to alter the narrative in some key ways.
2698	13	First, they removed a paragraph from “How to get Monkeypox?” section.
2698	15	Until a few days ago, according to the archived links, the Monkeypox page said this, regarding the transmission from person to person [added emphasis]:
2698	17	It’s very rare to contract the bear by a person with the infection because it doesn’t easily spread among people.
2698	19	This has now been completely removed.
2698	21	Secondly, they removed this paragraph, which was present at least until November 2021 (and much more recently, there are no archives between November and May) [added emphasis]:
2698	23	[Monkeypox] is usually a mild disease that will improve by itself without treatment. Some people may develop more severe symptoms, so patients with apple flood in the UK are treated in specialized hospitals.
2698	25	The new paragraph “treatment” says [new, corse added]...
2698	27	Treatment for monkeys is aimed at relieving the symptoms. The disease is generally mild and most people heal within 2-4 weeks [...] It may be necessary to recover to a specialized hospital so that the symptoms can be cured and to prevent the infection from spreading to other people.
2698	29	So, they remove that “it will improve alone” and still strengthen the idea of spreading the disease despite being described as “very rare” until last week.
2698	31	They even add a line on self-isolation, which has never been mentioned before:
2698	33	Since the bear flock can spread if there is a close contact, you will have to be isolated if you are diagnosed.
2698	35	Finally, now they include a warning that you can counter Monkeypox eating little cooked meat, which will undoubtedly feed the anti-meat narrative (oh, wait, it’s already).
2698	37	To summarize, here the story is rewrite a little.”
2698	39	Previously, the flock of the monkeys “not spread easily among people.” Now he does it.
2698	41	First, the monkeys’ flock “go better by itself without treatment.” He will not do it now.
2698	43	It’s soon to say that Monkeypox will be the “new Covid”, and this launch will be blocked and will be forgotten in a few weeks, but there’s no doubt that so far they’re taking some suggestions from Covid’s playbook.
2698	45	In Italy we are:
2698	47	By 19 May 2022, the following phrases were present on the ISS’s page dedicated to the ship:
2698	49	    “Antiviral vaccination guarantees an elevated immunity against the bulk for 3-5 years, then the level of protection decreases.”; let it be understood that vaccination cannot give an immunity for a lifetime (for obvious reasons and unlike natural immunity).
2698	50	    The vaccine has many side effects.
2698	52	Today we noticed that both phrases were completely removed.
2698	54	Why all this prevention on the return of a virus declared extinct for half a century?
2698	56	Dr. Paolo Gulisano, a doctor, wondering about the strange alarm of the media on the sheep, indicated another case of power prevention:
2698	58	In September 2019, three months before the arrival of the Covid-19, the FDA, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that authorizes drugs, approved a vaccine against the sheep and sheep sheep. Why in 2019, 40 years after the disappearance of this disease, the pharmaceutical industry felt the urgent need to develop such a preparation, rather than dedicate its efforts to less virtual diseases such as Hepatitis C, Tuberculosis, Malaria? The FDA’s justification was as follows: “Al the natural flood disease is no longer a global threat, the intentional spread of this highly infectious virus could have a devastating effect. Today’s approval reflects the U.S. government’s commitment to preparation through support for the development of safe and effective vaccines, therapies and other medical countermeasures.”
2698	60	In short, a vaccine is developed for an extinct disease, which in theory would not serve anything but to defend the population in the event of “intentional dissemination”, i.e. a biological war. It is known that the ship, disappeared from the planet, left two spots, stored in two high-security laboratories, one in Moscow, and the other in Washington. If the human vessel returns, we know with certainty its origin.” At least this.
2698	62	We want to inoculate the boat, a project that has grown up since 2003, and prepare the “narrative” for the next terror campaign, which aims to force a 100 percent vaccine cover. Don’t say that you have not been warned.2699
2699	3	It is the last slave of Europe to Italy: keep the illegal immigrants for three years. As if Italy – the first country to come of the migration wave – should be considered the discharge of Europe. A giant hotspot where to park – for three years – all the immigrants that the NGOs throw out on our coasts.
2699	5	The European decision was revealed by French Deputy Minister for European Affairs, Clement Beaune. In an interview with the Corriere della Sera on the ‘mini-summit’ on the fight against terrorism in which France, Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and the EU have participated and to which Italy has not been invited – as Giorgia Meloni highlighted – she explained what the EU is preparing for the Italians.
2699	7	“We have long discussed how long a first arriving country should take care of a migrant before the responsibility passes to the second welcome state,” Clement Beaune said. The Commission proposes three years. I think we are close to finding a balance.”
2699	9	It would mean, precisely, that Italy will become a kind of giant hotspot obliged to keep immigrants for three years before we have to get from the other European countries the redistribution. It is accepted that, at the end of these three years, the other countries agree to take immigrants. You have seen the previous ones.
2699	11	“To be clear about the future of Italy,” says Galeazzo Bignami, FDI’s immigration chief, “we are forced to wait for what the French government says. That, candidally, affirms that Italy is not only not an active country on the issue of migrants, unlike other countries including the Netherlands, but also that the fate of our nation is to become a true European hub where migrants will be able to stay for three years.”
2699	13	“If we had a government with a minimum backbone, there would be much more to do than a formal protest,” Bignami said. Instead, we have a completely impalpable Foreign Minister. And a Minister of the Internal Affairs whose credibility is at the historical minimum.”
2699	15	“They not only do not consult us on fundamental topics for our nation, but they also make decisions that will draw up on us,” accuses the responsible for Immigration of the Brothers of Italy.
