221	1	U.S. spreads factual stories to drive Russia into escalation 
221	3	The Genies (not) in the National Security Council want to push Russia to direct attacks on U.S. military forces or interests. This would give the U.S. a prejudice to further escalating the war in Ukraine to an open confrontation. It would also distract the attention of internal issues. To this, the NSC has brought a series of stories to the media in which it claims that alleged Ukrainian successes are based on U.S. intelligence information.
221	5	The United States has provided information about Russian units that allowed the Ukrainians to take and kill many of the Russian generals who have fallen in the Ukraine war, high-ranking U.S. officials said. The targeted aid is part of the government’s secret efforts to provide Ukraine with real-time information about the battlefield. This information also includes expected Russian military movements, which were obtained from the recent U.S. estimates of the secret Moscow battle plan for the battles in the eastern Donbass region, the officials said.The officials refused to provide information about how many generals were killed as a result of U.S. assistance. The United States has focused on providing the location and other details about the mobile headquarters of the Russian military, which often change their location. Ukrainian officials have combined this geographical information with their own findings – including captured communications that alert the Ukrainian military to the presence of high-ranking Russian officers – to carry out artillery attacks and other attacks in which Russian officers were killed.
2210	1	Putin's mistake
2210	3	Vladimir Putin, the president of Russia, is the most devil person in the western world since Osama bin Laden and Adolf Hitler. Hillary Clinton says Putin is “the new Hitler.” U.S. President Biden said Putin was too evil to remain in office.
2210	5	Despite these harsh characteristics of the Russian leader, the Kremlin has just recently abandoned the peace talks with the West and the Western Marionette in Ukraine. It is in fact unclear whether the Kremlin has already recognized the signs of time. The Atlantic integrationists are still active in Russia and still ready to give up Russian sovereignty for integration in the West. Putin seems unable or unwilling to dismiss those Russians who restrict Russian foreign and economic policy in the interests of the West.
2210	7	Putin’s mistake is that he is an American university liberal from 1950, a supporter of international law, mutual respect and cooperation, the resolution of conflicts through diplomacy. Putin and Russia are in trouble because Putin continues to believe in moral behavior, while the West has made it clear that the only value is the U.S. hegemony.
2210	9	If Putin really was the new Hitler, there would be neither Ukraine nor Europe, and probably neither the United States.
2210	11	Putin’s history of accepting Western provocations has prevented an armageddon and led us there at the same time. The Kremlin’s extraordinary slowness in recognizing a threat and doing something against it has taught Washington and its marionets that Russia does not know the red lines.
2210	13	Therefore, many boundaries have been crossed. Russia complains, but does little or nothing. The result is that the West rejects Russia’s warnings of a nuclear war as a mercy.
2210	15	Russia is no longer taking Russia seriously. Even small, military powerless states do not hesitate to offend and provoke Russia.
2210	17	The limited, slowly ongoing Russian intervention in Eastern Ukraine has enabled the whole West to interfere in the war by sending weapons to Ukraine, providing Ukraine intelligence information for attacks on Russian armed forces, cooperating with the sanctions of Washington and controlling the war records in the interest of Ukraine. There can be no doubt that the US and NATO will be involved in the war against Russia.
2210	19	Despite warnings, Russia continues to ignore this fact militarily. How long can this continue so?
2210	21	We are exposed to the danger of a nuclear war, not because of the Russian aggression, but because of the limited and weak Russian reactions to extreme provocations. The West has concluded from Putin's old-mode liberalism that Russia is weak and can be overcome.
2210	23	This conclusion will lead to a nuclear war unless the Russians give up to the West and become another marionette like Germany, France and the UK.
22100	1	Boris, you’re fired!
22100	3	The show is over, the clown leaves the stage. On Thursday morning, Boris Johnson announced that he would withdraw from his post as Chairman of the Conservatives with immediate effect. As Prime Minister, he wants to remain in office until the beginning of October to ensure the regulation of his succession. The first was welcomed interdependently, the latter caused annoyance. Numerous votes from Johnson’s own party call for the immediate resignation of the Prime Minister’s office. By autumn, various strikes have been announced, among other things, on the island, as an ineffective government does not seem to benefit many politicians.
22100	5	With the resignation of finance minister Rishi Sunak and health minister Sajid Javid on Tuesday night, the air around Johnson was thinner almost in a minute. Until Thursday morning, 50 members of the government, including numerous ministers and parliamentary private secretaries, had placed their positions. A government was hardly existing. The statement appears to have been given at the end of the newly appointed finance minister Nadhim Zahawi, who is specifically Johnson’s headquarters in Downing Street. 10 visited to request his withdrawal. This was on Thursday by a number of media, including the Financial Times and the Guardian.
22100	7	In a short speech before the Downing Street No. 10 at noon, Johnson said the “1922 committee” acting as a representative of the conservative sub-house party interests will announce the schedule for the new elections for the post of party chairman on Monday evening. The demands of withdrawal from his party friends from the past days, Johnson described in his speech as “excentric.” Until the end, the Prime Minister had insisted that the mass departure from his government did not represent a reason for his own departure, after all, the Tories would have a majority of more than 80 seats in the parliament.
22100	9	This is the majority that the conservatives want to defend. But most of them, in the end, did not believe that they could this with a prime minister Johnson. Elizabeth Truss, who claimed to be loyal to the Prime Minister, wrote on Twitter in response to Johnson’s resignation speech: “The Prime Minister has made the right decision, now it needs peace and unity.”
22100	11	With regard to a rate of more than 11 percent, the chief edition of the Financial Times gave the dominant mood in the British bourgeois camp in a lead article published on Thursday: Johnson's resignation has long been overwhelming. Too often and too obviously he has lied to the country and left other politicians lie for himself. Now we need a successor with “integrity and respect for rules.” Unfortunately, many potential successors would just not meet these criteria sufficiently.
22100	13	Among the possible followers are, according to a short analysis of the anti-militarist think tank “Forces Watch” of 7. July attracted many with army transition. So, among other things, the arms policy shooter and current Defense Minister Ben Wallace is considered a favourite for Johnson's succession.
22100	15	3 weeks free reading
22100	17	The newspaper Young World disturbs the rulers in spreading their propaganda. It takes an educational position without better knowledge and works through arguments, quality, entertainment and biss.
22100	19	Check it now and test the young world for three weeks (in the European overseas two weeks) for free. After it ends, the probation ends automatically.
22101	1	Sanctions: Russia wins the economic war
22101	3	It is now three months since the West began its economic war against Russia. But the thing doesn’t go according to the plan – actually even quite bad.
22101	5	The sanctions against Russian President Vladimir Putin were imposed not because they were considered the best, but for better than the other two options available: nothing to do or military interference.
22101	7	The first package of economic measures was adopted immediately after the Russian invasion, when it was predicted that Ukraine would capitulate within days. This did not happen and led to the sanctions – which are not yet complete – being increasingly strengthened.
22101	9	However, there is currently no evidence that Russia will withdraw from Ukraine. This is hardly surprising because the sanctions have the perverse effect of raising the costs of Russia’s oil and gas exports, massively supporting its trade balance and funding its war efforts. In the first four months of this year, Putin was able to record a performance balance sheet surplus of $96 billion ($90.7 billion) – more than the triple in the same period in 2021.
22101	11	Oil prices rise – the Kremlin profits
22101	13	When the EU announced its embargo on parts of Russian oil exports at the end of May, the price of crude oil rose on the global markets, bringing a further financial advantage to the Kremlin. Russia has no difficulty finding alternative markets for its energy. Oil and gas exports to China in April are approximately increasing by more than 50 percent annually.
22101	15	But that doesn’t mean that the sanctions will pass painlessly on Russia. The International Monetary Fund estimates that the country’s economy will decrease by 8.5 percent this year, as imports from the West have broken down. Russia has a stock of essential goods to keep the economy running, but at some point they will be overwhelmed.
22101	17	Since Europe is only gradually liberated from its dependence on Russian energy, Putin remains saved from an immediate financial crisis. Thanks to capital transaction controls and a solid trade surplus, the ruble is even strong. Therefore, Moscow has time to find alternative reference sources for spare parts and components from countries that are ready to overcome the Western sanctions.
22101	19	When the global decision makers recently gathered in Davos, the public embassy was a condemnation of Russian aggression and the reassurance of staying steadily behind Ukraine. Not publicly, they showed concern about the economic costs of a continuing war.
22101	21	This concern is fully justified. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has further raised the already existing strong price pressure. The annual inflation rate in the UK is 9 percent and is thus the highest in 40 years. In Germany, the Federal Bank expects a value rate of 7.1 per cent for 2022. The fuel prices have reached a record high.
22101	23	Stagflation and hunger are the consequences.
22101	25	As a result of the war, the Western economies are faced with low or negative growth and rising inflation – a return to the stagnation of the 1970s. Meanwhile, the central banks – including the Bank of England – feel the pressure to react to a two-cell inflation by raising the interest rate. This threatens an increase in unemployment. Other European countries are facing the same problems, even more than the UK, as most are comparatively more dependent on Russian gas.
22101	27	Meanwhile, the poorest countries of the world are faced with problems of much greater scale. For some of them, it’s not about stagnation, but about hunger – a consequence of the Russian blockade of wheat supplies from the Ukrainian ports on the Black Sea.
22101	29	As the Director of the World Nutrition Programme, David Beasley, said: “Ukraine cereal dishes are full. At the same time, 44 million people worldwide are moving to death from hunger.”
22101	31	In all multilateral organizations – whether it is the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the World Trade Organization or the United Nations – the fear of a humanitarian disaster is growing. The fact is simple: if developing countries aren’t energy exporters themselves, they are faced with a triple problem where fuel and food crises cause financial crises. When governments have to decide whether to supply their people with food or pay their debts to international creditors, they will do the first thing. Sri Lanka was the first country since the Russian invasion that couldn’t pay off its debt, but it’s probably not the last. Since the 1990s, the world has not been so close to an increased debt crisis.
22101	33	Vladimir Putin has played on a long hand from the beginning.
22101	35	Putin has been rightly criticized for making food “a weapon.” However, his willingness should not be surprised. From the beginning, the Russian president played on a long hand and waited for the international coalition to break down against him. The Kremlin is convinced that the economic pain limit of Russia is higher than that of the West. And probably that is right.
22101	37	If you need proof that the sanctions do not work, then it is delivered by U.S. President Joe Biden's decision to equip Ukraine with modern missile systems. The hope is that modern military technology from the United States has achieved what energy embargo and the freezing of Russian assets have failed: to force Putin to withdraw his troops.
22101	39	One way the war could end is an extensive military victory of Ukraine over Russia. However, this is not very likely in view of the situation. It is also thoughtable that the economic blockade will ultimately work by forcing Russia to dismiss increasingly strong sanctions. Another solution is a negotiated agreement.
22101	41	Putin will not unconditionally give up and the potential for severe collateral damage caused by the economic war is obvious: decreasing living standards in the industrial countries; hunger, food floods and a debt crisis in the developing world.
22101	43	The brutal acts committed by the Russian troops are now making compromises with the Kremlin a hard to swallow pill, but the economic reality is just one thing: sooner or later there will be a negotiating solution.
22102	1	When we fall, you are on.
22102	3	Recently, several German intellectuals called for the cessation of weapons supplies to Ukraine. This is not only cynical, but also corresponds to Putin's calculation. 
22102	5	Last week, a series of German intellectuals in the TIME and on the TIME ONLINE called for a stop of western weapons supplies to Ukraine as well as the immediate end of the war through negotiations. In his response to this appeal, the Ukrainian publisher and psychoanalyticist Jurko Prochasko considers these claims cynical. It would ultimately mean the disappearance of Ukraine. 
22102	7	It’s already surprising how many formulations there are for a few simple – and simply false – thoughts in the context of the Ukrainian war. And how often these are repeatedly presented by different sides. They say, for example, that in the Ukraine war, negotiations are now needed, not combat acts. Or: Arms supply only contributes to the duration, yes, to the escalation of this war and therefore requires unnecessary victims. They thus increase the suffering instead of relieving it.
22102	9	Such appeals suffer from two fundamental weaknesses. First on the inability to consistently think of things until the end, and second on the tendency to think of things that are not there. The first one is called intellectual short-looking, the last desire thought. Together they have a publicist effect, but not the desired effect. Finally, there is also a third feature of such appeal: exactly where it would be essential in terms of content, that is, in those places that would justify the writing of such open letters, it is exactly where there is a disappropriation. 
22102	11	This arises from the already mentioned incapacity to think of things to the end. You can or do not want to see what the formulated proposals mean for Ukraine. That would not only be their failure, but also their disappearance. And for the Western democracies, this would not only be a failure, but it would be a guarantee for Russia’s further wars. 
22102	13	The desire consists in the absurd idea that there would be a political force or material arguments on this world that convinced the Russian regime for a ceasefire or even brought it to the table for peace talks. The belief that the West would avoid a further escalation if it gave up to Ukraine to supply weapons meant only one thing for the Russian leadership: it would get what it hoped to by using the most expensive means – intimidation, persecution, division – simply donated.
22102	15	"Abstractly or philosophically, the theses represented in the appeal may sound noble, practically they are just foolish. In the best case. Less friendly they are even unforgivably naive, cynical or both at the same time. And in the worst case, they are simply water on the mulls of Putinism. Curious – but probably only follow-up in the end – even how nebulous, terribly inaccurate and pleasantly the authors of such open letters will become, just where it should be concrete. Instead, you read formulas such as ""measures should be taken fastest"", ""with all emphasis to work on it"" or ""there should be the conditions for it."" "
22102	17	It is not coincidence. If one thinks the matter consistently to end, it can only mean two things: either Ukraine should sacrifice itself for the benefit of the (now) less affected humanity, the German and European including. Or you don’t really understand the whole matter and believe in Russia’s willingness to voluntarily end the war. Although the authors of the open letter draw all the only imaginable rhetorical registers in order not to let this suspicion emerge in the leisest, but de facto, in the subtext, you always read exactly that. That’s why the signators might simply be more open and unacceptable, which would contribute to the clarity of the discourse.
22102	19	But even if they demanded to themselves and to the public that Ukraine should be pleased, so that we may finally have peace, this, on the one hand, shed out the terrible price that the country would have to pay: purification, deportation, executions, terror, and endless suffering. Secondly, however, it also hidden the fact that this would not really end this war or prevent further Russian attacks. On the contrary, Russia felt like the latter was just asked. 
22103	1	Supreme Court: Democrats underestimate the power of abortion opponents
22103	3	It would be easier if only the Supreme Judges could be liable for the abolition of the right to abortion, which has been in force since 1973. But there are also structural factors and problems with democracy, which the judgment of 24. June was possible. Democrats and the advanced America have underestimated the driving force and endurance of the anti-abortion movement. The latter was probably due to numerous surveys, according to which only a minority of Americans wanted to cancel the ruling. The case “Roe v. Wade” had once legalized abortion until the independent viability of the fetus. At the time of their majority in Congress, the Democrats have the right to stop a pregnancy, not protected by law.
22103	5	And then it came: Only hours after the judgment of last Friday the first clinics rejected women. More than 20 U.S. states will legalize this in the coming months. Pregnant women – if they have the money and courage – must travel to Mexico for intervention or to democratically governed states. According to the logic of the judgment that abortion is not protected because there is nothing in the Constitution, other rights are also threatened, first of all that of gender marriages.
22103	7	The conflict on the anti-abortion rules will now move to the parliaments of the states. Democrats have failed in recent years. In some prohibited countries, considerations are employed to prevent pregnant women from traveling. There is also a monitoring that could show who orders abortion pills, which you would like to prohibit. On every “Roe v. Wade” annual day (except for a Covid break) tens of thousands of abortion opponents had gathered in Washington. Initially with little prominence, in 2020 with Donald Trump, who assured, “unborn children” would never have had a “so strong defense” in the White House as he. There were predominantly white events, strongly Catholic and over time evangelical characterized. Many young American women were there, apparently inspired by the desire, as it was on their posters, to save babies and express: The woman is also a victim of the “aboratory industry.” The stars of the movement are women who regret abortions. Republicans in the federal states have for years adopted laws to restrict abortion – in advance of the day X that is now in place.
22103	9	Abortion opponents are not satisfied.
22103	11	"Abortion is not just abortion. The anti-abortion movement with its emotional appeal became part of the right movement, supported in the 1970s by the “Christian Rights for Free Market Economy and Biblical Values”. They were white voters, many of the working class who switched to the Republicans. Ronald Reagan had signed a liberal abortion law as the Governor of California, and only found the ""right attitude"" as the Republican president. What helped to turn his party and the anti-abortion movement towards right-populism."
22103	13	They have used each other. The same applies to the Trump year. In 1991, the New York City entrepreneur spoke in an interview with NBC (“I am very pro choice”) against abortion. In the 2016 election campaign, when Trump was all other than the desire candidate of conservative Christians, he had learned from it and presented his list of anti-abortion lawyers for the Supreme Court and the Federal Courts. That has worked. White evangelical voters voted for him by 80 percent. And they were rewarded. The fact that Trump was able to execute his three judges in the anti-abortion judgment also has to do with the structure of the U.S. government. In the Senate, which votes over the Supreme Judges, each state receives two senators – the rural, weak population, tending to the Republicans as well as the democratic giant states of California and New York. Liberal California has about as many inhabitants as the twenty smallest states in the United States. California has two senators, these twenty have forty. How the policy of a right-wing minority can be implemented in the United States is exemplary in the occupation of the Supreme Court. When the Republican states introduced restrictive electoral laws against voter groups that tend toward the Democrats, this was blessed by the Supreme Court.
22103	15	Abortion opponents are not yet satisfied with the new status quo, the abortion is not completely prohibited. The right to abortion movement calls for voting in November. A national law, adopted by a majority of Democrats, could protect the right to abortion.
22105	1	Madrid: President Erdoğan has left the NATO summit richly
22105	3	For Turkey, we can see the results of the last NATO meeting. President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has given physical fruits for the resignation of the veto against Sweden and Finland’s accession. He has achieved a lot, played a robust exclusion in the Alliance – not to say, expensive – and demonstrates to the whole world how much the extension of the north depends on him. The Alliance saved the blamage that the next rise would fail exactly on this summit, with which the jump to an epochal fighting mode against Russia rose.
22105	5	In Corb I, the last minute memorandum was signed between Turkey and NATO members. After that, the two northern countries undertake to take steps on their territory against “Court terrorism”. That is, they are held that Turkey in the “anti-terror struggle” against the Kurdish self-determination does not fall in the back as before – according to the read in Ankara – rather than be a retirement. This refers not only to Southeast Anatolia, but also to northern Iraq and north-eastern Syria, to say, non-Turkish territories in which the Turkish army, under the breach of international law, has already been interfered and wants to re-interfere.
22105	7	It has the Kurdish Workers' Party PKK in the same vision as the Syrian-Kurdish YPG militias, who have managed for a decade to maintain the democratic self-government of a region against the Assad State. The paradigm of this alternative affects the destructive will of the Turkish regional power. NATO tolerates this. Moreover, it assumes that a member who considers the infringement as a reason d’Être is concerned about whether and under what conditions new recordings will take place. When was the “power of law” ever so valid? In addition, the aspirants from this assessment shall not appear unharmed at the expense of third parties.
22105	9	Whether the agreement with Erdogan goes to the extradition of “terror suspects”, which means Kurdish migrants who are politically involved in the Scandinavian exile, Swedish Foreign Minister Ann Linde disputes: “We will not agree to any extradition unless there is evidence of terrorist activities.” Only who defines “terrorist activities” when Turkey already considers an emancipatory claim, as represented by the YPG militia in Syria, as a “terrorist conspiracy”? It is questioned whether the Uighurs in the western exile must be held to be treated as well as the Kurds in Sweden and Finland.
22105	11	When Korb II was placed, U.S. President Joe Biden was allowed to pack him himself. His administration is now supporting the sale of F-16 fighter vessels to Ankara. We are ready to do more for the modernization of the Turkish Air Force. Celeste Wallander, U.S. Deputy Defence Minister for International Security Affairs, said in a briefing call to journalists that the stronger the Turkish defence capacity, the better the NATO will be defended.
22105	13	The punishment was yesterday
22105	15	That’s new – even in October 2021 this kind of causality could not be spoken, quite the opposite. At that time, Ankara had already asked the White House to pursue the purchase of 40 F-16 fighters and 80 modernization kits for U.S. machinery. This is not the first time that we refuse. The argument that Turkey purchased the Russian air defense system S-400 in 2019 is guilty of the taboo breakdown and actually left the NATO air defense. A sanctionworthy behavior that with denied fighters is still blessed. Three-quarters of the year later, the punishment has come, instead a junktime is launched: If the Turkish president has his veto against a NATO extension, the American will replace the desired weapons deal. The U.S. Senate has to be consulted. He has to decide whether the promise of Biden to Erdogan was worth it or not, whether the commander in Chief is demonstrated in the fate struggle of the West against the Russian enemy, or the opposite appears to occur.
22105	17	Stay Korb III, in which Erdogan can retain the mandate to provide a deal with the United States, even with the approval of the United Nations, between the UN, Moscow and Kiev. It is intended to lead stock stocks of Ukrainian grains to leave the ports on the Black Sea. Russia has already informed the United Nations that it will join its plans to ship 25 million tons of grain in secure convoys from the port of Odessa, which is still strongly mined by Ukraine.
22109	1	Activists threaten extradition
22109	3	In the course of NATO’s north expansion, the Turkish government is asking the designated new members Sweden and Finland to extradite Kurdish activists. The Federal Republic does not require such requests. It has long been willing to deliver Kurds to the “strategic partner”. As supporters of the opposition, they are threatened with imprisonment and torture. This is what the 27-year-old student Yaser Örnek is concerned about. His arrest by civilian police in Bavaria near Bernau on the Chiemsee has been caused by the Turkish government under President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as the Kurdish news agency ANF on Sunday, calling on Örneks lawyer. It is scheduled to be transferred to Munich on Tuesday.
22109	5	The arrest is on the 2nd. July is done. At the time, according to ANF, Örnek was on the passage with a friend from Switzerland when they were stopped on the A8 by officials. For several hours, Örnek and his companion Durmaz Yahisi were held, each fixed with their hands on the back. Initially, the two were not named reason, said Örneks companions to the ANF report. Yahisi was later left running, as Kerem Schamberger, an activist of the non-government organization Medico International, said on Friday on Twitter. “We all have to prevent this together,” he had demanded in light of the threatening extradition of Örneks.
22109	7	He received political asylum in Switzerland in June 2018 after a literary student at the University of Cukurova in Adana was charged with “membering a terrorist organization” in connection with his legal political activities for the Democratic Party of the Peoples (HDP). According to Schamberger, the student had to spend three months in Turkish prison after he had participated in a HDP meeting in the election campaign. Currently, a prohibition proceedings are ongoing in Turkey. According to ANF, the 27-year-old was sentenced to three years in prison.
22109	9	“The federal government is obviously willing to take a leading role in NATO in the political persecution of the Kurds as a repayment for Erdogan’s willfulness to the military pact,” Bundestag deputy Sevim Dagdelen (The Left) criticized on Sunday to the young world. Whoever “serves” Democrats from Turkey, Dagdelen said to the federal government, “there should at least be a stop to constantly pursue human rights.”The Left-Fraction spokeswoman for International Politics makes “especially” the government parties SPD and Alliance 90/The Greens “co-responsible for this disgraceful persecution.”
22109	11	The incentive for the arrest of the 27-year-old student and the temporary detection of his accompanying was according to Schamberger that the Turkish state had sent Yaser Örnek to the European Police Office, shortly Europol, for investigation. Currently, Turkey requires the EU member states the extradition of 406 people, said Civan Akbulut of the National Integration Council of North Rhine-Westphalia on Sunday, referring to Turkish press reports on Twitter. There were 129 submissions to the Federal Government. “The dirty NATO deal between Turkey and Sweden/Finland shows effect,” Akbulut said.
22109	13	The German-Turkish cooperation will continue to beined at the highest level. The Federal Attorney General at the Federal Court, Peter Frank, travelled last week from Tuesday to Thursday for high-level talks to Turkey, as the Frankfurter Rundschau on Friday online. The trip took place at the invitation of Frank’s official colleague Bekir Sahin. This is, according to another ANF report from Sunday, the chief prosecutor in the prohibition proceedings against the HDP.
22109	15	The visit was confirmed by a spokesman of the Federal Prosecutor's Office in Karlsruhe. She did not mention details, but only explained that “themes of discussion with the representatives of the Turkish justice” were, among other things, “the tasks and work of the respective criminal justice”. According to the report, Frank also met with President Erdogan. The Frankfurter Rundschau, referring to the Turkish government’s newspapers Yeni Safak, also named 129 claims for extradition to the BRD. The victims are supporters of the “Gülen” movement, which, like the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) in Turkey, is persecuted as a terrorist organization.
22109	17	3 weeks free reading
22109	19	The newspaper Young World disturbs the rulers in spreading their propaganda. It takes an educational position without better knowledge and works through arguments, quality, entertainment and biss.
22109	21	Check it now and test the young world for three weeks (in the European overseas two weeks) for free. After it ends, the probation ends automatically.
2211	1	What is the crisis?
2211	3	The following edition comes from Dr. Lee Gerhard, a retired geologist at the University of Kansas (B.S. in Geology in 1958, M.S. in Paleontology in the secondary field in 1961, and Ph.D. in Geology in 1964). Dr. Gerhard believes that climate change has been a natural phenomenon driven by natural processes for 4.5 billion years, but now there is cultural pressure to find a human cause for current trends.
2211	5	“I’ve never fully accepted or denied the concept of anthropogenic global warming until the wild claims of James Hansen by NASA in the late 1980’s brought forth. I have dealt with [scientific] literature to investigate the foundations of this claim, starting with the first principles. My studies then led me to the conviction that the claims were wrong.” – Dr. Lee Gerhard
2211	7	It is scary that so many scientists have deliberately abandoned their principles to advance a theory of climate change (anthropogenic warming) which has already been rejected by empirical data. They prefer to believe their computer models that are designed to support their beliefs based on the assumptions contained in them. It was since the second half of the 20. The century has given a warming, it is undisputed. This small warming to attribute to the carbon dioxide caused by man and to prophece that it is dangerous for mankind is either malicious and testifies either of intentional detection of the climate history or of ignorance.
2211	9	The reconstruction of the ice temperature is empirical, reproductible and accessible. The Earth has become cold for more than 4,000 years (Davis and Bohling, 2000). The “cold” was episodic, on a millennium scale, with hot spots which are differently called Minoic, Roman, Middle Ages and probably modern (Alley, 2000; Cuffey and Clow, 1997).
2211	11	There are other data sets that are not empirical, but associate human activities and artefacts with the temperature. The comprehensive data published by Lamb (1996) document and illustrates the relationship between temperatures and human activities by interpreting soil sequences, recorded history such as wine production in England, tax records of the Roman Empire and similar. The amount of data is almost overwhelming and shows the great fluctuations of global temperatures in the centuries and thousands of years ago in the last 50 years, long before man has added significantly carbon dioxide. Lamb illustrates that the human civilization flourished during all the warm periods; in the cold time between them, pestilence and poverty were angry.
2211	13	The Interstate Committee on Climate Change (IPCC) of the United Nations is considered by the media and governments as an important body for the state and future of the world climate, but is not a scientific group. Although he belongs to a group of scientists, he is political, not scientific. Their mission is a political agenda: “Documenting the impact of man on the global climate.” It is neither a scientific study nor a test of their assumption that human carbon dioxide controls global temperature.
2211	15	Now as the global temperature has not risen to trigger a “crisis”, scientists who dare to speak about the data and thus question the IPCC hypothesis will be excommunicated by the church of social media and the academic world. They have lost their income, their workplace and their acceptance. Today it is not easy to be a real scientist.
2211	17	The warming of the past decades has been beneficial and has saved hundreds of thousands of lives and helped to feed a growing world population. It is unfortunate that this climate cycle is apparently over. Will pesticide and hunger be overcome?
2211	19	This is the real crisis.22111
22111	3	The change of time is not yet understood in the media. No, not the turn of time as well as the special assets for the Federal Army (for its use please a permanent investigation committee may examine any acquisition, provision and any vague promises that the weapons can offer), but a turn of time that is just ahead of our eyes, because we are affected by the hallucination that the poor 20 The century is threatening to repeat backward. Now the waves of illness came first, followed by the death on the battlefields. Soon there will be massive hunger death, as Stalin had purchased cheaply about a hundred years ago.
22111	5	The hallucination is heard as a tonspur. In German newspapers, in the first weeks of the war in 1914, 50,000 war stories landed daily. Before the present, the citizenship seemed to have lost the mind. For Ernst Bloch, the beginning of the 1970s was the comparative measure for reactions to the oil crisis. Today, however, it is not about the political rhetoric, who stands as on the side of whom or ducks behind the back of the Ukrainian defenders, nor about the question of how many more or less light weapons are delivered by whom and when. It is about the interpretation of symptoms.
22111	7	In a recent article by Michael Hanfeld, the FAZ said: “While defhetists and warmouths give a position in German television, the Russian destruction war in Ukraine continues. Reporters Without Borders count the killed journalists.” defhetists were once Elisabeth von Thadden, Daniil Charms, Hans von Sponeck, members of the White Rose, Wolfgang Borchert, Ezra Pound and many others.
22111	9	The German war against themselves
22111	11	Hanfeld refers to the empty, but with a high hit number around its own TV talk shows, who in an attempt to understand what is just happening, so much honour has been granted to them to try to understand in almost identical repetition slides what is actually happening. Defects are accused of courageousness and black-looking. Who can take it away with the images and sounds of the battlefields?
22111	13	But the courage on the fronts is different from the commentator's distant courage. He rhetorically climbs into the judge's cloth, but does not authorize a court, and has no case note, nor a shooting command, but does with his words as if that is the case. The Hoppla!
22111	15	Sigmund Freud described this symptom. Fuel text can also be understood as a replacement transaction. This also applies to open letters of any kind that help their signatories to scalable glory. (It was right – yes or no?) What does the author want to replace with the accusation of courage? The praise for the victims among the war reporters? Your own command to the front. This would be too cheap in the face of the serious situation. Similarly, a lead article by Ullrich Fichtner works in the current mirror (“Drückeberger Deutschland”). For both authors, behind the pompious rhetoric is the desire to finally stand on the right side of the story. This seems like a German war against itself. “Now win a nice!” said the then Federal President Theodor Heuss to the soldiers of the Bundeswehr in 1958.
22112	1	Mask, Lockdown, School Closing: Everything Is Really Effective?
22112	3	Germany has not only the summer wave, but also the report season. In a few days, four balances of the coronation policy since 2020 have appeared equally. The beginning was made by the Minister of Science Bettina Stark-Watzinger (FDP) with the Education Report 2022: The reading, writing and computing skills in primary school classes are whether the months of school closures have decreased dramatically, mental disorders have become more common in children and adolescents. “The stressful life of students aged 11 to 17 has increased significantly during the pandemic,” the study said. Not surprisingly, some children’s and youth psychiatrists in the pandemic had reached their capacity limits.
22112	5	A few days later, the education trend in 2021 also drawn a sad picture of the German school operations under the politically ordered pandemic conditions. The percentage of children who miss the minimum standards of advanced schools near the fourth class has increased significantly. The “social and immigration-related differences” have increased. A deepening of social division was on Wednesday last week in the poverty report 2022: with 17 percent, the poverty rate reached a new peak. Because the pandemic measures did not meet all layers equal, but the poor, single-born and child-rich families were difficult. “Now the poverty has spread as rapidly in recent times as during the pandemic,” said Ulrich Schneider of the Parity General Association at the presentation.
22112	7	Simulation instead of evidence
22112	9	The drastic social consequences of the coronation measures are therefore well documented. What these profound, permanent interruptions have brought medically should be evaluated by an expert committee. Their findings have been present since Friday last week – and are downward. Even in the otherwise comfortable topics of the day, the commentator became clear: “I could scream. For for many of the initially controversial measures there is simply no or due to the data status only insufficient scientific evidence. One key conclusion of the assessment is: “In general, a connection between the level of incidence and the strength of the measures is unrecognizable.” Even the impact of large parts of the population discriminating access restrictions due to 2G rules was “too small.” The few present studies would have shown a “very heterogeneous image”.
22112	11	Among the school closures, which were one of the longest in Europe, it says that their influence on “the inhibition of the spread of the coronavirus” is still open despite “biological plausibility and numerous studies”. Even the combined evaluation of 7,500 studies on this topic shows that “the effectiveness and strength of the effect of school closures on the occurrence of infection remain uncertain.” Historical statements about the effectiveness of Lockdowns during the Spanish influenza, such as that, on whose night reading Christian Drosten, according to Spiegel in the spring of 2020, supported his sudden change of mood in terms of school closures, the opinion, in any case, certifies “anecdotal evidence”.
22112	13	The report contains a remarkable passage to the Lockdowns, which at the time were entirely unalternative: “ despite the WHO’s rather delayed assessment of the effects of Lockdowns on the basis of pandemies before SARS-CoV-2,” most countries would have adhered to this measure. “This was also based on very clear results of a computer simulation model presented by Neil Ferguson in the spring of 2020 on the basis of a non-quality-tested scientific publication and received great attention.”
22112	15	It is hard to believe, so again: the WHO has already made clear to Corona that the scientific evidence does not just push for lockdowns. But on the basis of a single model accounting, which had not even passed through a review procedure, one hit around the globe to just this maximum measure.
22112	17	Unfortunately, the expert report does not lose a word about the partially continuing visit prohibitions in hospitals and nursing houses, which resulted in the old, even dementia people who have been unhumanly isolated for months. That people because of such from other people – not from the virus! – imposed visit prohibitions had to die alone, is a social scandal. He must work: For while cameras for melodramatic reports were left in the intensive stations, family members were not allowed to say goodbye even at the moment of death. Similarly scandalous and unfortunately mentioned in the report with only one word – “inefficiency,” the border closures in March 2020 and the stop of humanitarian refugee reception remain. Then one of the wealthiest countries on earth blocked help seekers with one of the well-established health systems and burned it as “solidarity.”
22112	19	The assessment of the experts on the mask issue is read as a formula compromise, so that it is not to shake the side and not to have to dismiss the evidence in all measures. Among other things, animal experimental studies have confirmed the benefits of a mouth and nasal protection, it is said at three points of the assessment. In the footnote, unfortunately, no joke is referred to a corresponding investigation with Syrian gold hamsters. The sections to the mask are an encounter to the specific German mask obsession that our neighbors do not know. While the evaluation gives a rejection to the outdoors of the mask – it is remembered that a few months ago demonstrations in Germany were still banned and partially violently dissolved, because not everyone was wearing a mask – the experts speak for a possible mask obligation in the interior. Unfortunately, without wearing a mask at the presentation of the report in a hall of the Berlin Science Center.
22112	21	It is repeatedly argued that it is just a piece of material, a simple, effective measure with a small depth of intervention. But a recent study by the FU Berlin has shown that the mask obligation in the population is the most controversial, even before the controversial state contact restrictions. It has the greatest potential for social division. According to the report, “The effect of masks and masks on children and in schools cannot be finally assessed.”
22112	23	Signals instead of benefits
22112	25	"In February 2022, the European Health Authority (ECDC) questioned the daily use of FFP2 masks. The experts are now joining it without leading to a reflection among the responsible. When Bayern repealed the FFP2 mask obligation in medium traffic on the weekend, it was criticised as if the evaluation had never been done. This is the wrong “signal”. And only that seems to go to signals, not evidence. In the autumn, the mask will again play a ""roll,"" the Federal Justice Minister now announces somewhat sibilianly."
22112	27	The people in the country have long agreed with their faces and feet on the pandemic measures and their reintroduction or continuation. In the public transport in Berlin, more and more people do not wear any masks. And despite the urgent call of the Minister of Health, you see less and less people in shopping, schools or concert halls with a substance in front of the mouth and nose. The restaurants, street cafés and beer gardens are full, people encounter the already declining “Summer Wave” with a tour wave. And yet, parts of politics, journalism, and science don’t let go, forecast a “hard autumn” and a “unpleasantly long winter” and call for an old pattern – more action. They do not exclude those whose evidence could not be proven in the expert opinions.
22112	29	This ignorance of the science, this discontinuation of the consequent damages of the measures and the subestimation of an expert group employed by the German Bundestag is frightening and undemocratic. The opinion of the Evaluation Commission could have been a first step towards overcoming social division, but this opportunity is probably missed again. This is at least stated by the political and media reactions to the report. The behavior of people who, at any cost, keep right and do not want to admit their mistake, has eliminated this possibility.
22112	31	The Bundestag should therefore establish a well-equipped and not time-to-time tight Enquete Commission for social satisfaction, which, like the expert committee, consists not only of professors but also of citizens and their individual pandemic experiences. This would also be fully in the sense of the evaluation report, which, with regard to the crisis communication it declared ‘necessary’, promotes a stronger participation of citizens. Therefore, a parliamentary investigation committee should be dedicated to the fraud around testing centers and masks and the decision makers responsible for this.
22112	33	First of all, the federal government is on the row. According to the Infection Protection Act, it must be made by the Parliament until 30. In September, we will submit a opinion on the expert report. This gives the Federal Chancellor the opportunity to withdraw his statement from last year, according to which he does not know “red lines” in the pandemic fight. Because the assessment report has defined some of these red lines. Any restriction of fundamental rights that cannot be based on evidence is no longer proportional – and thus unconstitutional. And group member Jutta Allmendinger warned at the presentation of the report on Friday that it is now time to apologize.
22114	1	Freedom for Julian Assange 
22114	3	Australian journalist and Wikileaks founder Julian Assange was killed on Monday. April 2019 expelled from the Embassy of Ecuador in the British capital. Since then, he has been treated by the British justice as an enemy of the state and has been held in isolation prison. UN Human Rights Commissioner Nils Melzer speaks in view of prison conditions of mental torture. Now the London judges have to decide about Assange’s extradition to the United States, where he is threatened by a “schaup process”. The accusation: Assange had published on the Wikileaks platform secret U.S. documents of the whistleblower Chelsea Manning that recorded the U.S. military crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan. If he is sentenced to 18 accusations, he is threatened up to 175 years in prison, meaning lifelong imprisonment. After years of judicial negotiations on the U.S. extradition order, which Assange had to spend in the “British Guantanamo”, the high security prison of Belmarsh, British Interior Minister Priti Patel has now decided that Assange should be extradited to the U.S.
22114	5	It is about the freedom of the world.
22114	7	Assange is prosecuted for journalistic work outside the United States, with which he revealed war crimes by the U.S. military. If he is truly delivered and condemned to the United States, it has extensive consequences for journalists worldwide. However, the seriousness of the situation does not seem to have arrived at all. For in this case, not only the fate of Assange is negotiated, but also the freedom of the press. The U.S. government is trying not less than to punish the discovery of secret crimes by U.S. state bodies not only in the U.S. but worldwide. If this succeeds, the example will do school, not only in the United States.
22114	9	The United States is not pursuing war crimes, but the one who revealed them.
22114	11	Not one of the crimes that WikiLeaks has discovered has so far been prosecuted by the U.S. justice. Instead, the one who revealed it will be pursued. The message is clear: the freedom of the press in the world should end where it is about U.S. war crimes. Assange's fate is to be a warning to all who deal with information that is embarrassing for the U.S. security apparatus. The United States protects those who kill and torture illegally on its behalf. The United States is always for the freedom of the press and human rights when it is troubled with its geopolitical opponents. If the alleged interests of your own security device are affected, it is over. It is in the hands of President Biden to stop the extradition lawsuit against Assange. But he does not.
22114	13	And what does the “value-oriented foreign policy” say about this, Ms. Baerbock?
22114	15	Before the Bundestag election, Annalena Baerbock had joined the UN Special Mediator Nils Melzer's request and demanded the release of Assange. Now she is the minister, now her word will be heavy. But Baerbock’s foreign ministry honors, speaks of the “legitimate security interests” of the U.S. and refuses a clear opinion. What is this “value-oriented foreign policy”? The federal government should protest the extradition and offer Assange asylum! A foreign minister who doesn’t believe this should no longer tell us about “value orientation.”
22114	17	This is what LINKE Chairman Janine Wissler says:
22114	19	Discovering war crimes is not a crime, but a humanitarian and journalistic duty. The federal government should not continue to measure and look away if the freedom of the press is stumbled in countries such as the United States. Julian Assange will not be delivered. He must be released immediately and Germany must grant him political asylum.”
22114	21	You can do that!
22114	23	- The “Free Assange Committee Germany” organizes awareness and other events. You can participate!
22114	25	How does your newspaper report? Write a letter to a reader!
22114	27	Apply for a Solidarity Resolution for Assange in your association.
22114	29	Are you a journalist? What does your professional association say? Be active!
22114	31	Support an online petition and invite your friends and acquaintances. Almost 600,000 have signed (state 20.06.2022).
22114	33	Write a letter to Julian. Address on the left of the letter. He can use complaint.
22114	35	Freedom for Julian Assange.
22115	1	Stay quiet. Make your predictions! Corona is not worse than a flu wave. There are 53 German infected people.The!
22115	3	Therefore, it is not meaningful to fall in panic. The German health system is one of the best in the world and well prepared for a possible epidemic. The virus is new and unfortunate. No one is safe in him.
22115	5	Although there are some turbulences on the stock exchange in the light of the spread of the virus, a global economic crisis is still a bold forecast. When the crisis begins, Europe will come together. This recession could require the end of civilization!
22115	7	Young, healthy people need to worry little, as only people over 60 or with existing pre-sickness are at risk. The doctor who detected the virus died from it!!! The Iranian Ministry of Health is Infected!!! She was happy at her last press conference.
22115	9	It’s completely exaggerated to become nervous now with any person who husts in the public or swits a little. The most infected do not know that they had the virus before they had 300 people killed in carnival sessions!!The!
22115	11	In a few months, all the excitement about the coronavirus will be forgotten again, because we are all dead in it!!The!
22115	13	jvb, she; Photo by Shutterstock
22115	15	This article appeared for the first time at our Dutch partner publishing De Speld
22117	1	The Curse of Evil Acts
22117	3	by Andreas Wehr – http://www.andreas-wehr.eu
22117	5	Meeting of the European Council on 23. In fact, June 2022 should be a “hard day” for the EU. With Moldova and Ukraine, the candidate status is awarded to two countries, of which Commission President Ursula von der Leyen says they are firmly part of the European family – a word that says a lot about the EU itself, but it is described as “excellent to the Union” by a country like Ukraine, who is eaten by corruption, suppressing any opposition and prohibiting critical media.
22117	7	However, the EU’s “fast day” was prevented by the appearance of the six heads of those Balkans who are trying to join the EU – and often for a long time. Albania became a candidate for membership about eight years ago and North Macedonia has been waiting for it for 17 years. The same goes for Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo.
22117	9	“Welcome to Ukraine,” said Edi Rama, the Prime Minister of Albania, according to FAZ. June in Brussels: “I hope the Ukrainian people don’t make many illusions about it.” And he added sarcastically: “Wladimir Putin may be very sick, but this place here doesn’t look healthy.”
22117	11	Why does the Balkans join the EU? Why are you threatening an example of blame? As a reason for this, Brussels pleases to refer to the states of this region: First, Greece long blocked Macedonia’s accession, only the re-naming to North Macedonia made the way free. Then it was Bulgaria who threatened with its veto to join Albania and North Macedonia. And above all, there are Serbia and Kosovo that do not recognize each other.
22117	13	But that is not even the half truth. The fact is that the West on the Balkans today is confronted with the problems left by the collapse of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, and in which NATO and the EU have their respective share. Finally, it was Germany that with the recognition of Croatia and Slovenia prevented a whole Yugoslav crisis solution. The forced separation of Kosovo from Serbia created the foundation for an irreversible enemy between the two countries. The small Macedonia, which was formerly part of Yugoslavia, only after its independence raised the desire of the same three states: Greece, Bulgaria and Albania. And whether the innerly broken between Bosnians, Croatia and Serbs Bosnia-Herzegovina will ever become a member of the EU is more than uncertain. It is, therefore, the curse of the evil acts of the West, which the EU now encounters in its West Balkans policy.
22117	15	The article appeared in short version on 1. July 2022 in the newspaper Our Time
22117	17	HTTPS://www.andreas-wehr.eu/der-fluch-der-boesen-taten.html
22119	1	Stations closed: hospitals worry about many failures due to Corona
22119	3	Stations close to hospitals worry about many failures by Corona
22119	5	The number of disasters caused by coronary diseases and quarantine in German clinics is increasing significantly. These effects of the Corona summer wave had hospitals and doctors faced significant problems in order to still be able to ensure the care of the patients.
22119	7	“We receive reports from all the federal countries that individual stations and departments must also be disclosed due to staff shortage,” German Hospital Society (DKG) Board Chief Gerald Gaß told Germany’s editorial network. Emergency reports will also be to the rescue departments. “This situation makes us very worried with the sight of the coming autumn.”
22119	9	Among other things, the situation in the hospitals in Schleswig-Holstein is stressed due to the coronavirus in the workers. “It’s notorious to difficult everywhere,” said Patrick Reimund, managing director of the Schleswig-Holstein hospital company. A driver of the infection incident in the Kieler area could have been the Kieler week at the end of June, according to Reimund. It is not yet to be estimated how the situation will develop in the coming days.
22119	11	Short or longer quarantine?
22119	13	Given these difficulties, FDP Vice Wolfgang Kubicki has already demanded that staff can return from the isolation faster – the quarantine dates should be shortened. He proposed a free test by quick test after three days, so far it is five. A release test is essentially only recommended, it is mandatory for clinical and care staff.
22119	15	The German Foundation for Patient Protection has now rejected the demand for the shorter quarantine. This “increases the uncontrolled spread of Corona,” the foundation director Eugen Brysch criticized in the newspapers of the Funke-Media Group. Instead, he demanded: “Therefore, the isolation time for coronapositives must be extended to ten days. This can only be shortened if a PCR test fails negatively.”
22119	17	"Meanwhile, the situation on the site is sometimes more critical. The University Clinic of Schleswig-Holstein (UKSH) had already announced that it would temporarily close stations in the locations of Kiel and Lübeck. On Friday, the UKSH had 479 employees in the Quarantine. “It has become more since then,” spokesman Oliver Grieve said. ""We had an extremely tensioned weekend."" reimbursements for losses resulting from the dismissal or suspension of planned recordings, operations or interventions were necessary."
22119	19	"Christian Karagiannidis, the scientific director of the Intensive Bed Registry, said to the ""Rheinische Post"": ""The Intensive Floor is increasing moderately, but the Floor for a Summer is relatively high, and the available beds are becoming less and less due to the lack of staff."""
22119	21	It is therefore appropriate to use the time now to optimally distribute capacities. “These include regional networks for the best possible patient distribution according to the level of care. Cooperation, but also the discharge of staff will be the order of the hour in this autumn and winter,” said Karagiannidis, who also sits in the Federal Government’s expert council.
22119	23	The number of infections has increased significantly over the past few weeks. The Robert Koch Institute reports the official number of new infections per 100,000 inhabitants within seven days with about 650. Experts estimate the actual number approximately twice as high because many infected people don’t do PCR test anymore and thus don’t be detected.
22119	25	The high numbers of infections are already employed by the head of the educational union GEW. Maike Finnern called for legal basis for mask and test obligations to avoid school closures in the autumn. “This includes the possibility of a mask obligation if the infection numbers continue to increase significantly. But this also includes the possibility to reintroduce regular tests in educational institutions in cases of high seven-day incidents,” she told RND. We must do everything we can to prevent school and kit closures.
2212	1	Even Mainstream Experts Sattle on Drugs instead of Spraying
2212	3	In the autumn, the vaccine loss will continue in our country. In Lower Austria, preparations for the fourth round were already made, it is said. But even if the next corona variant should be significantly more pathogenic than the omicron, it is – according to a vaccine expert – probably only dangerous for immune weak people. For everyone else, it will not be more than a seasonal virus.
2212	5	“Today alone?” asked the servant at that cafe where I often met my same-age friend Axel B. “Sorry,” I answer, “He has Corona and is in a domestic quarantine!” “Is he not vaccinated?”, the servant wants to know while I sit and make it comfortable on a edge table. “But yes,” I answer, “three times – and he’s even boosted.”I add it to me that I’m still not vaccinated, but for that I’m seriously healthy. My friend, who is the leader of a large Austrian non-profit organization, had been vaccinated for a long time because he is often on travel and because it also corresponds to his cautious nature.
2212	6	Corona despite the spray
2212	8	That he had Corona, he learned from his doctor. He had visited him because he felt “great,” as he said, and because he also was hurt. The doctor then made a Covid test and my friend marched string tracks into the quarantine. There he is now unfunctional, though he actually had to prepare a large congress for his organization. “What do you do when you feel griped?” he asked me by phone when I sat alone this time in our cafe at a cappuccino. “Well, I throw a ‘Aspirin Complex’ and throw a few Efeu tablets, then I’m quickly fit again,” I say and comfort him, “In a few days you can go to the freeest.”
2212	9	Good news
2212	11	Due to my experience in the past two years, however, I consider testing and quarantine necessary. Both things prevent nothing. As known, infected people can be infectious even before the symptoms begin, I’m just reading a statement from Florian Krammer, a professor of vaccine science at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York. I was tested only one time since the outbreak of the pandemic and that was in the autumn of 2020 after I had visited my doctor because he should prescribe me an influenza drug. He tested me on Corona.
2212	13	For this purpose, he carried me with a staberl into my nose and said he would later inform me by telephone about the result. I was already at home when my cell phone sounded and the doctor told me, “It’s not Corona!” I healed my flu with the usual means and as soon as the pandemic began to absorb our daily life, I was interested in making a blood test that identified me a variety of antibodies. With these antibodies, I then rushed unspoken through the whole pandemic that was actually over for me in the autumn of 2020.
22120	3	Ulrike Henning says it’s time for a crisis cost debate
22120	5	Those who heat with natural gas must have a strong cost increase since the end of last year. But now the joy of new horror scenarios for autumn and winter seems to rise. As if the social dissonancies of the pandemic were forgotten for a long time, a new dimension of disregarding is suppressed, as if there was no remedy. From more burdens up to €3,000 per family alone through a predictable gas deficiency speaks for example the head of the Federal Network Agency, Klaus Müller. And immediately explain what this can mean: No new washing machine, no vacation trip is still inside.
22120	7	Savings calls on fear: Whoever is not ready to freeze and give up now has the next recession on the kerb tree. If you continue to take a warm shower, your company will soon start. Few is useful to just postpone the increased payment to later. So still a winter heating, but then the rental can't pay any more?
22120	9	It seems to be the word of the summer. DIW’s chief Marcel Fratzscher warns the policy of attempting “to calm people with placebos like single payments.” What then? Wage equations up or a generous social climate bonus, as left-wing politicians suggest it?
22120	11	To calculate the possibilities and their effects would be the commandment of the hour. There is also transparency here. A surplus tax could make a lot. But it is not only about a redistribution from the emergency, but also about not to dissolve itself climate-politically again, as in the long years when the gas from the east was propagated as a solution to all energy problems.22121
22121	3	Grandios failed and without insight
22121	5	Prime Minister Boris Johnson has caused political chaos and leaves time with his departure
22121	7	He held a withdrawal speech without taking the word withdrawal into his mouth. Of self-knowledge or even regret for lies and incapacity, Boris Johnson had nothing to feel. Instead, the Prime Minister of Britain moved on his inner-party opponents, which followed a alleged turmoil. With the appointment of new cabinet members to fill out the elected rows in the government, Johnson demonstrated that he wants to remain in office until the election of a successor in the autumn. for the 30. In July, the shameless of Downing Street plans a big marriage party with Mrs. Carrie in the service residence of Chequers – funded by tax funds. Boris Johnson can’t get out of his skin.
22121	9	An official successor, such as Johnson’s Deputy Representative, Dominic Raab, doesn’t come to the train. The conservative John Major, who was prime minister between 1990 and 1997, had urgently suffered such a clear break. But this ship has already gone away, says Sir Geoffrey Clifton-Brown, the Treasury Master of the Conservative Committee, who organizes the election process for the follow-up. Parliamentary elections are also unlikely.
22121	11	After Johnson’s three years of office, the country is in a chaotic state. Brexit and reversal pay for the economy. Following the former EU partners, the government was involved in illegal actions such as a breach of the Johnson signed EU withdrawal agreement or the plan to expel boat refugees to Rwanda without examination.
22121	13	Potential followers of the great failure now have to gather a team behind them, get to the Tory parliamentarians, make promises to them and ask for support. There are a number of stakeholders and there are faction votes ahead of them, with the candidates with little consent dismissing. Only after this long-term process is completed, the two Tory members with the highest number of votes come to the final election by the members of the party. A winner will be announced early in September.
22121	15	Two ambitious aspirants have already thrown their hat in the ring: Tom Tugendhat, the Chairman of the Foreign Policy Committee, and Suella Braverman, who, as the government’s top legal adviser – like others now seeking Johnson’s succession – remained loyal to the Prime Minister despite constantly new scandals. Until the moment that you did not seem more than beneficial. Tugendhat is not compromised by membership in the Johnson government and represents the moderate party flagship. However, he was not a Brexit supporter, which will hurt him in the eyes of many Tory politicians rather than benefit him. In the stock-conservative Daily Telegraph, Tugendhat now tried to point with the call for soon tax relief at the right wing of his party, but his election chances remained low. From Bravermann until now it is only heard that he relies to the general surprise on the highest post in the government.
22121	17	The most prospective followers have not yet been identified, according to the BBC. Rishi Sunak, the previous Minister of Finance, and Sajid Javid, the head of the health department, may have a bonus because they have left the falling government vessel with their resignation this week – though quite late – and clearly signed up for the Brexit. The same goes for Transport Minister Grant Shapps, who is a political lightweight compared.
22121	19	The most popular candidate for the post of Prime Minister is the Defense Minister Ben Wallace. Through the quick aid to Ukraine, he was able to pay attention to himself. His competition is made by Foreign Minister Liz Truss, who was put down in a British fighter tank to wake up memories of the “Ice Lady” Margaret Thatcher. Truss wants to break the Northern Ireland Protocol from the House of Representatives to forget its previous resistance to Brexit. Jeremy Hunt, Johnson’s underlying competitor for 2019 and not a member of the government, also wants to rejoice, according to the BBC. On the far right is Steve Baker, the best-known member of the research group Europe, who gathers into the brexit enthusiasts. The race for the Johnson succession is open and open.
22121	21	The journalism of the left lives by the commitment of its readers.
22121	23	Given the experiences of the Corona pandemic, we have decided to make our journalism permanently free to access on our website and thus to make it available to all interested.
22121	25	As with our print and epaper publications, our work as author*in, editor*in, technician*in or publishing staff*in is included in every published article. It makes this journalism possible.
22121	27	Now with a few clicks volunteer support!
22122	1	Short and the big donor (and-actuell.de)
22122	3	Short and the Big Donor
22122	5	After his withdrawal from politics, the former chancellor continues to speak.
22122	7	Giving donations, that was the master's discipline of Sebastian Kurz and his team. There were whole lists on which the names of large industrials can be found – the Who is Who of the Austrian entrepreneurship. A name on this list of donors was very special: Alexander Schütz, already years ago, before the resignation of Kurz due to corruption accusations. Now Short and Shield are actually and very efficiently sitting in an entrepreneurial boat. Together they have founded the “AS2K Beteiligungs GmbH”, an investment company that wants to take care and medical themes.
22122	9	Willed or unwilled, conscious or not: After years of corruption mediations and years of counterattacks on Kurz’s critics in justice and the media, just this cooperation now acts like a stretched finger. Catch me if you can (Catch me if you can) In combination with the certainty: You can’t (You can’t). Because it was the donations of Shield that the investigators and journalists had in the vision.
22122	11	"The fire came from almost nothing. In fact, the Austrians have appeared to be more due to their activities in Germany so far. There he initially served as an asset adviser, boxed up, advanced through foundation structures in Liechtenstein to an investor and then landed in the Supervisory Board of the Deutsche Bank (2017-2021) – from which he had to escape in the course of the Wirecard case. The Guardian was known as the Intimus by former Wirecard manager Markus Braun. When the ""Financial Times"" began to edit the Wirecard scandal, Schütz had a good advice to Braun: He should ""prepare"" the newspaper. This comment on his relationship with the media is just interesting in view of subsequent activities."
22122	13	Parallel to his rise as an investor, Schütz became the large donor of the Short-ÖVP. In two tranches he supported the ÖVP in 2017 for the first time with 40 000 euros and for the second time in 2018 with 45 000 euros. And when it comes to the remuneration, that was not a big secret: Alexander Schütz’s wife, Eva Hieblinger-Schütz, was first called to the cabinet, where she works in the OVP-led finance ministry. This was followed by the Knight Strike: the appeal to the Supervisory Board of the Transport-Duchters of the Austrian Federal Railways. A classic Austrian supply post, a profitable well-known.
22122	15	It was never a secret that the family Schütz talked about the best relations with Thomas Schmid, that man who, as a switch behind Short, dealt with all half-sided political deals to eventually be admitted to the board of the state participation AG ÖBAG. However, Schmid's phone was captured during corruption mediations and revealed itself as a foundation of political cruelty.
22122	17	And Alexander himself? In March 2021, he founded a medium called eXXpress: an online revolutionary page with an unclear political side. The newspaper, with its writer guards from the beginning, targeted exactly one goal: the Economic and Corruption State Prosecutor's Office (WKStA). Shortly there had already a veritably conflict with the WKStA, there are constant attacks against this.
22122	19	These were and are still the accusations that the WKStA, as well as parliamentary committees and the media, have already investigated in the Dunst Circle: unfair agreements; irregularities in the campaign financing; acceptance of donations for remunerations; positions beyond any qualification and passing the tender procedures; influence and oppression of investigations on trusted people in justice; false investigations for their own benefit; paid reporting; false statements to the Parliament on all these accusations.
22122	21	This short-saving saga is now about a chapter richer. A company needs employees, and a company needs leadership. And who would be better than Vera Regensburger? Until recently, she was Vice-Chief of the Cabinet of Chancellor Karl Nehammer. Under Kurz she was the field leader for policy and strategy at the ÖVP-Center.
22122	23	Also, Kurz plans to expand his own SK Management GmbH, which is considered the foundation of a corporate consulting company. Offices in Tel Aviv and Dubai are scheduled to be opened soon. And also for the U.S. entrepreneur Peter Thiel is still working shortly. He is very present, by the way, in the media “eXXpress”, repeatedly and especially in interviews with publisher Eva Hieblinger-Schütz.
22122	25	The journalism of the left lives by the commitment of its readers.
22122	27	Given the experiences of the Corona pandemic, we have decided to make our journalism permanently free to access on our website and thus to make it available to all interested.
22122	29	As with our print and epaper publications, our work as author*in, editor*in, technician*in or publishing staff*in is included in every published article. It makes this journalism possible.
22122	31	Now with a few clicks volunteer support!
22123	1	Double Jets and Superhocks: The Consequences of Extremwetters (and-aktuell.de)
22123	3	DoubleJet and Superhocks: The Effects of Extremwetter
22123	5	Due to global warming, ever stronger weather extremes are occurring in many places, including in us. However, the consequences affect the global south unevenly stronger.
22123	7	Even this year, extreme weather events again predict the shadow of an unprecedented earthquake: in Brandenburg, Greece and Croatia the forests are burning, Italy is overwhelmed by a severe, persistent drought, and large parts of Somalia experience, after the fourth time the rain season has passed out, the worst drought since humankinds. Natural weather phenomena like La Niña play a role, but they are undoubtedly boosted by the global warming. In China and Australia, on the contrary, extensive rainfall causes devastating floods.
22123	9	Climate scientists have been warning for years of an increase in extreme weather events as a result of climate change. The central driver is the global temperature rise: “In a warmer atmosphere we have more water in the form of water vapor. Regardless of whether the jetstream has changed and thus the weather conditions last longer, the fact that it has become warmer automatically causes the likelihood of extreme rainfall to increase,” says the climate scientist at the Geomar Helmholtz Ocean Research Center in Kiel, Mojib Latif. On the contrary, stronger deforestation also leads to greater drought. “These are two sides of the same medal,” the oceanographer said.
22123	11	The Jetstream is a wind band above the northern hemisphere, which blows at a height of five to ten kilometers at a speed of up to 500 kilometers per hour, moving high and deep pressure areas to the east. But in 2018 nothing went over months. The heights and depths were fixed over the respective region – a phenomenon with which we may have to deal more and more often.
22123	13	This week, in Nature Communications, a study by Efi Rousi of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK) and her team, which examined why in Europe in the last 40 years three to four times the number of heat waves that occurred in North America. They found that the jetstream was divided over increasingly long periods of time: one arm was over the south, the other over Northern Eurasia. This affects mainly Western Europe: “In this region the weather systems normally come from the Atlantic and therefore have a cooling effect. But when it comes to the double jet, the weather systems will be disconnected to the north, and there can be continued heat waves in Western Europe,” Rousi explains.
22123	15	The appearance of the Azorenhoch has also changed since the beginning of industrialization. U.S. scientists in a recent study in Nature Geosciences, using simulations, were able to show that it has never expanded so strongly over the last 1,200 years as since 1850. Large high pressure areas have also occurred much more frequently since then. As a result, the Iberic Peninsula is experiencing increasingly dry winters.
22123	17	Tropical turmoil storms are also increasing. This is covered by the models of the climate scientists: by damping more water at rising temperatures, there is more latent energy in the atmosphere that can be released again with a hurricane.
22123	19	The developments are not new, but they become increasingly visible, the more drive the climate change takes. At the latest, the three following dry years 2018, 2019 and 2020, as well as the Ahrtal Flow, have led us to the mind that we in Germany are not ready for climate change. People also die in heat waves or floods. However, the intensity of climate impacts varies depending on the location, and the ability to protect or cope with them depends on the financial possibilities of the affected persons and their governments.
22123	21	A dry year in Germany is not the same as one in Italy, where the temperatures rise far above 40 degrees and the water needs to be rationed. A dry year in Italy is not the same as one in Somalia. Nearly three million people are fleeing there, almost two million suffer from the food emergency that can easily spread into a hunger, even because Russia blocks the grain exports to Ukraine. Alexander Fenwick, program coordinator for Somalia for the World Hunting Aid, urges the expansion of humanitarian aid.
22123	23	13 years ago, the so-called industrial nations had promised to the countries that suffered the worst of the global warming but have hardly caused them to pay $100 billion a year for climate adjustment measures from 2020. This promise has not yet been fully fulfilled. “Somalia is one of the most fragile countries in the world. The communities of Somalia are incredibly resilient and adaptive,” says Fenwick. Other countries could learn something from it. But every adaptation has its limits, just given the political situation of the country and the great poverty of many people there.
22123	25	Where and How Extreme Weather Events Meet People
22123	27	In the entire planet, extreme weather events lead to suffering, damage and loss. In many cases, they even question the basis of human existence. A incomplete look at the map of the world reveals the various forms of phenomena – and what threats arise from them.
22123	29	Country Down in Australia
22123	31	Currently, large parts of Australia’s largest city, Sydney, are underwater. This is the fourth flood in some areas this year. More than 80,000 people had to be evacuated, and in many districts there was no electricity. As a result of a storm, a ship has also crashed in Seenot before the coast, which is currently unable to be thrown or evacuated into a port. For this reason the “Portland Bay” was further thrown to the sea. The cause of the floods is not the storm, but the strong rain. Because hot air can contain more water, such events increase in many countries of the world due to climate warming.
22123	33	In February, March and April, severe floods occurred in East Australia, where Sydney is located. At the time, more than 20 people were killed and there was a (assured) damage of €3.2 billion, the Australian Insurance Industry Association, the Insurance Council of Australia estimates. Thus, the floods were at least in terms of insurance the most expensive in Australia's history. They will probably not stay so long. The Deloitte corporate consultancy estimates that the economic costs of natural disasters in Australia will increase significantly: from €25.4 billion per year to €48.8 billion by 2060. This almost doubles in 40 years.
22123	35	This will affect East Australia: the Deloitte report estimates that two-thirds of the damage will occur in this part of the country. This is due, on the one hand, to the major cities like Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Canberra, and, on the other hand, to climate change. Not only strong rain events continue to rise, but also tropical turmoil storms. These, due to the warmer sea waters, are getting more and more to the south, where the major cities are located – Australia’s new normality. by Christoph Müller
22123	37	Glaciers in Italy
22123	39	After a mass of ice, gel and snow had buried several mountain climbers on the mountain of Marmolata last weekend, the world’s media the “happiness in the Dolomites.” The term is badly chosen, but “unfortunate” includes the surprise, the unpredictable and coincidental. The catastrophe did not come from the heavens, and it will repeat itself.
22123	41	For the past few years there have been several tragedies in the European Alps due to falling glaciers, which have been quickly forgotten, writes Joern Ehlers on the World Wildlife Fund’s blog. Only in May 2022 two people were killed in a collapse in the Swiss canton of Wallis. Geographer Luca Bonardi fears that thousands of glacier sites alone in the Alps are similarly dangerous.
22123	43	Climate change causes higher temperatures, which contribute to a stronger snow and ice blend. This reduces the glaciers and may break down. Like the foot of the mountain Marmolata. It was a long-lasting heat storm in Italy. At the height of the Marmolata glacier, the temperatures were at 10 degrees Celsius – usually they hardly exceed the freezing point. Together with low snowfall in the winter, this favoured the disaster.
22123	45	Between the 19th and the early 21. During the century, the temperatures in the Alps have risen twice as fast as the global average, reports Copernicus, the EU Earth Observatory Program. The United Nations has also identified the Mediterranean Bay as a region that is extremely susceptible to heat waves. According to the National Scientific Council of Italy, the Marmolata glacier has been shrinking for decades and is expected to disappear in 25 to 30 years. In total, Italy’s glaciers have been cut by 40 percent since 1962 and will continue to do so. The consequences are catastrophic – for agriculture, energy and water supply. “The current drought in Italy,” says Ehlers, “will give a prejudice to this.” – Stephan Kaufmann
22123	47	Increasing sea level in Brazil
22123	49	Floods, earthquakes, 133 dead and more than 25,000 homeless: This is the sad balance of the latest rain disaster in the coastal region of the northeastern states in late May. The recovery of gallery forests and the Atlantic rainforest, the irregular cities and the surface coverage are the main cause. Climate change is also responsible. This is the result of a team of researchers from the World Weather Attribution initiative, which took the disaster under the lobby. Without the human-made global warming, the rainfall in the north-east would have been about a fifth less intense, the researchers say. They predict that in the region extreme strong rain events will become more frequent and intense.
22123	51	In the Brazilian Amazon area, climate researchers have found that the atmosphere over the rainforest has become increasingly dry over the past 20 years, making it more likely to dry. The cause is, on the one hand, the progressive rain wave recovery and firefighting for the expansion of livestock and soya fields. But global warming contributes to this reduction of humidity in the Amazon atmosphere.
22123	53	Another consequence is already clearly visible in the north of Rio de Janeiro: the rise of sea level. Since the 1960s, the mountainous area of Rio Paraiba do Sul has been increasingly advancing the sea – at a speed of three meters per year. According to the mayor's office, the flood, along with at least 500 houses on the beach of Atafona, also caught the city's main traffic lake built parallel to the coast. But climate change is not the fault alone. The main cause is the stain and the overuse of Rio Paraíba do Sul as a drinking water source for industry, agriculture and the million cities of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The drastically reduced river and its reduced sediment load have no more resistance to the advancing sea. by Norbert Suchanek
22123	55	Rivers in Western Europe
22123	57	The most obvious is that the traces of the flood of July last year are still visible in the Ahrtal. Some houses remain ruined there. Some are still seen through slam deposits how high the water was at that time. The estimates are at least seven meters. For comparison: Normally the eagle has a water depth of slightly more than 70 centimeters. There were 141 people killed in the flood. In the entire flooding area, which in addition to the federal states North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhine-Pfalz also covered Belgium and the Netherlands, more than 220 people died.
22123	59	Scientists were quickly able to explain how Earth's warming contributed to the flood catastrophe. In particular, two factors play a significant role. First, with the rise of temperatures, the proportion of water vapor in the atmosphere also increases. The German Weather Service (DWD) reports a temperature rise of 1.6 degrees between the years 1881 and 2019. This means that the percentage of water vapor has increased by 11.5 percent during this period. More water vapor means the amount of rain increases. The danger of storm as well. A second factor: the jetstream falls down and moves to the north. The strong wind band is slowing down because the temperature difference between the tropics and the polar regions that otherwise moves it has decreased. Instead of a continuous wind, the jetstream is often wave-like today. This increasingly leads to very slowly moving or even staying weather events.
22123	61	This combination enables extreme rainfall, in which flood region more than 150 liters per square meter were measured within 24 hours. Extraordinary rain and the narrow building of the valley eventually led to a catastrophe. by Sebastian Weiermann
22123	63	Burning forests in Russia
22123	65	Not less than 61 fires with an area of 2456 hectares occurred on the 6th. In July, according to the Russian Forest Protection Authority, Awialesoochrana was deleted in 22 regions. Further 24,812 hectares are still in flames throughout the country. The forest of Russia is burning, affected all regions from the Black Sea to the Pacific and even the Arctic areas. The state of emergency has been declared in four regions. A third of the country’s area is forested, a total of 1.3 billion hectares. Forest fires occur every year, according to the state forest authority, causing damage to the economy by an average of 20 billion rubles (286 million euros).
22123	67	In recent years, forest fires have increased in Russia. In 2021 more than 18 million hectares were burned, a new record. Even President Vladimir Putin called on to better protect the forest. Almost always the man is guilty when it burns, whether it is through storage fire or the burning of dry grass areas. The sanitation-need infrastructure also plays a role when, for example, electrical pipelines interrupt and radiations are created. But Russia also increasingly feels the impacts of climate change, especially the Arctic regions. In Jakutia alone, more than seven million hectares of forest were destroyed in 2021. For weeks, firefighters and volunteers were employed, often in difficultly accessible regions. The main reason for the massive fire in northeastern Russia was, according to experts, the average temperature in the Permafrost region increased by three degrees. Through the fires, the frozen soils could rise and release large amounts of connected greenhouse gases, environmental protectors feared. Furthermore, the loss of Taiga would be fatal for the climate.
22123	69	The war in Ukraine also becomes a threat to the forest of Russia. The Ministry of Defense wants to throw as much wood as it needs for “defence purposes” by the end of the year. by Daniel Saver
22123	71	Dry in East Africa
22123	73	Russia and Ukraine are among the main suppliers of basic food in East Africa. The blockade of the Black Sea ports by Russia and the rising world market prices further harsh the supply situation in the region, it was precarious before. In Eastern Africa, several rains have fallen on a row. The grasses are overwhelmed on the fields. The World Nutrition Program warned early that in the coming months many people will need additional food aid, up to 18 million people. “Three countries are affected: Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia,” said regional director for East Africa, Michael Dunford.
22123	75	In Ethiopia, the drought of the war in the Tigray region continues since November 2020. Since July 2021, the region of about 5.5 million inhabitants is in a situation called “de-facto blockade” by the United Nations. It has been imposed by Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is in clink with the regional government, which with its military arm TDF tries the militant rebellion. Through the blockade, only less than 10 percent of the food aid needed comes to Mekelle, the capital of the region. Until now, only one road for humanitarian convoys has been shut down. How many people in Tigray have already died from the hunger death, cannot be verified as access to the region is prohibited to independent organizations and journalists.
22123	77	In 2011 a quarter of a million people died from a hunger. In 2017, the early warning systems installed thereafter were attacked and a disaster of this scale could be eliminated. 2022 is all other than safe because the International Community does not pay attention to East Africa. And the areas that are most affected by the drought in Somalia are controlled by the Islamist group Al-Shabab. Access to helpers is as difficult as in Tigray. by Martin Ling
22123	79	The journalism of the left lives by the commitment of its readers.
22123	81	Given the experiences of the Corona pandemic, we have decided to make our journalism permanently free to access on our website and thus to make it available to all interested.
22123	83	As with our print and epaper publications, our work as author*in, editor*in, technician*in or publishing staff*in is included in every published article. It makes this journalism possible.
22123	85	Now with a few clicks volunteer support!
22124	1	And when we go before the dogs: the main thing Russia won't
22124	3	The words of the “defense of the free world” are captured in the United States, where wealth has been massively decreasing since Corona, apparently less and less. This was by the Russian U.S. correspondent in the weekly news review of the Russian television and I translated the post once again because it sounds completely different from what German media from the U.S. reports.
22124	5	The beginning of translation:
22124	7	America is ready for recession and hunger, the main thing Russia does not win
22124	9	An unexpected message. The University of Chicago Institute of Politics published a survey in which one-third of the U.S. population (28%) said they might have to attack the weapons against the government very soon. We should not forget that the Americans have more than 400 million weapons. But that’s just a bound note. Our correspondent reports from the United States.
22124	11	The Americans are traveling. With the aircraft, with the car, over the weekend to their families to the 4. July, Independence Day to celebrate. For families it will be the most expensive holiday in history. From progressive economists there are some unhealthy advice on saving. Bloomberg proposes not to treat pets, but to let them die to get rid of the extra costs.
22124	13	“Bidenflation” is a term that has come to the mainstream in America. The inflation among the oldest president in history is 8.6 percent. The fuel prices, the food prices, everything goes up. The markets break up in front of our eyes. For the first time in history, the Nasdaq has crashed by 30 percent in six months, the SP 500 has crashed by 20 percent, which has not occurred since 1970. JP Morgan’s analysts believe the U.S. economy is dangerously close to a recession.
22124	15	“Americans feel the recession. They believe it has already begun. Food prices are constantly rising. The data from the U.S. Atlanta Bank confirms that the recession is not coming, but that we are already in it, no matter what the White House says,” said businessman Andrew Puzder.
22124	17	The White House does not make any effort to explain. All failures in the economy are not due to the miscalculations of the government of Biden, but to the intrigues of Russia.
22124	19	The fuel prices are rising because of Russia. The cause of our food crisis is Russia. Russia is prohibiting the export of Ukrainian grains. I understand that the Americans are angry about inflation, but inflation is high in almost all countries. The prices on the gas stations are high in almost all countries. But we are in a much better position than others,” Biden said.
22124	21	The U.S. has the lowest inflation rate among the G7 countries. The accusations against Russia are not convincing. Only one in ten Americans believe the myths that the Kremlin is pushing the prices at the U.S. gas stations up. The price of gasoline has not risen since the 24th. February has risen, but already since the first days of Biden’s presidency. The fuel prices have risen by 125 percent.
22124	23	“How long will American drivers and drivers around the world pay this prize for the war in Ukraine?” a journalist asked.
22124	25	As long as the war continues. Russia must not defeat Ukraine and go beyond Ukraine. This is a critical situation for the whole world,” said Biden.
22124	27	This question was not asked spontaneously at the press conference. Biden gave the word according to a previously created list. So his counselors seemed to want the Americans to remind again of the president’s thesis: freedom has its price. In this way, Biden justified the cost of anti-Russian sanctions on the global and national market. Its economic course has led the oil prices to rise from $70 to $120 per barrel and they could even rise further, up to space.
22124	29	As CNN reports, the government is working on scenarios to deal with a oil price of $200 per barrel. In the autumn, he could get closer to this brand.
22124	31	“What do you say to the families who say we can’t pay $4.5 per gallon for months or even years?”
22124	33	“The president has made it clear what is on the game. It is about the future of the free world. We have to stay stable,” says Brian Dees, the chief economic adviser of the U.S. presidential administration.
22124	35	The leader of the free world, as Biden is called in the White House, has his own image of the world. He has called Saudi Arabia a shark state and is now – as if nothing has been – on the way to the Crown Prince to talk to him about the increase in oil supply. Ukraine was recently considered one of the most corrupt countries in Washington; now it is flooded with money and weapons. There is another package of weapons worth $820 million. In the past few months, Washington alone has paid about $50 billion to Ukraine. The allies also contribute.
22124	37	“All you want in Kiev is support in the form of money and weapons. However, you should understand that the retreat to the latter, as we have warned you from the beginning, as well as the thieves from your states were and are legitimate targets for us. And facilities in which these weapons and mercenaries are stationed or stored will also become legitimate military targets. They are stored in cities and residential areas and thus put them in danger. They abuse civilians as a human shield and with your support you betray exactly the values that you allegedly promote,” said Dmitry Poljanski, the deputy permanent representative of Russia at the United Nations.
22124	39	This was during the regular session of the Security Council, at which President Selensky, contrary to the tradition, again had the opportunity to talk about a video connection. He wore a khak color T-shirt and demanded a lot. Russia is excluding from the UN to supply more weapons to Ukraine. Today, everyone can demand from the average American as much as he wants.
22124	41	This is a television broadcast to support Ukraine for the best time of broadcasting. Selensky is allowed to speak live, to sing stars, and money is collected. What the funds collected by the spectators are used for is not. The Pentagon proposes to control the state funds flowing to Ukraine. It has repeatedly stated that supplies to Kiev will disappear in a black hole. American weapons could fall into the wrong hands.
22124	43	“If Western weapons don’t change the situation on the battlefield, there’s so much in the conflict that U.S. officials even accept the prospect of a global recession and hunger. The main thing, Russia does not win. If the Ukrainian army is defeated in the Donbass cells, this would be the second defeat of a huge, U.S.-financed and trained army in two years after the humiliation in Afghanistan,” the National Review writes.
22124	45	The name of Bidens is forever associated with the shameful escape of the Americans from Afghanistan, where they couldn’t anything for 20 years.
22124	47	Its name is synonymous with inflation and high prices. His peasants have disappointed the White House's master at the important holiday. More than 70 percent of voters don’t want Biden for a second term. Before the Independence Day, the opinion research institutions conducted a traditional survey. Residents of the United States were asked how it is for them to be Americans. The survey is almost a quarter-century old, and if at the beginning of the millennium 70 percent were incredibly proud of being Americans, then now only 38 percent of American passports are proud.
22125	1	Russia feels the effects of Western sanctions, but they are all other than intolerable.
22125	3	"The Russian economy is currently experiencing an unprecedented pressure, exercised by a group of countries and led by the United States, which imposed more than 10,000 individual sanctions against the country, its citizens and its companies. Never before in history, such a range of sanctions has been imposed on a country. Even Iran, which has been the geopolitical puzzle of the West for many years, is ""only"" subject to approximately 3,600 individual sanctions."
22125	5	The sanctions on Russia have been increasing since 2014, when sanctions on key sectors of the economy – such as energy, the military-industrial complex and the financial sector – have begun. Since then, the citizens of Russia have learned to distinguish between the dark predictions associated with sanctions and the tangible results of their implementation. While in 2015 about 60 percent of Russians believed that the sanctions would have no impact on their lives, in 2020 almost 90 percent said they would not feel any impact. In short, the people adapted and used to the threats. The unemployment rate did not rise and was even at historically low levels. The low inflation made many banking products, such as consumer loans and mortgages, affordable and contributes to heating a real estate tree in some parts of the country.
22125	7	According to the Russian authorities, the country lost about $50 billion due to the sanctions, but could compensate them. “These sanctions don’t make me sad,” President Vladimir Putin said in an interview with the Russian media in March 2020. This feeling is shared by the Russian people. Western sanctions did not affect the lives of the citizens of the country or the agreement values for its leadership. On the contrary, the confidence in the president of the country was strengthened. Western political scientists observed that the introduction of sanctions against Russia only led to a “flag assembly” in which an external pressure only promotes the citizens’ determination to assembly for their leadership.
22125	9	However, the sanctions imposed over the past four months are much stricter and more comprehensive. The sanctions list includes not only legal and natural persons, but also the state as the institution itself, represented by its president, the prime minister and the ministers.
22125	11	"Meanwhile, the pressure of the western dominant ""cultural of devaluation"" has driven foreign companies into shares from the Russian market, from oil and financial companies to retail chains and personnel intermediaries. There were also comprehensive measures taken to remove any trace of Russia from the global sport, culture and even history. The Russians have the feeling that the West is trying to add maximum pain to them by eradicating their past, complicating the present and obscurating the future."
22125	13	The official statement for this policy is that the measures have been taken to change Russia’s foreign policy. While Western politicians regularly emphasize that the sanctions are not directed against the Russian people themselves, most simple people see this heuchleric rhetoric as a fool.
22125	15	Oleg, a student at a Moscow University, notes: “If the actual purpose of the sanctions is to remove the economic development of Russia for decades, that means that the well-being of the simple Russians will also suffer from it.” Western countries do everything to weaken the ruble, increase inflation, break supply chains, and create a lack of consumer goods to cause discomfort to the inhabitants of Russia and create social tensions.
22125	17	The sanctions imposed are already comprehensive and affect not only individual industries, but the entire economy of the country, so it is not surprising that the number of affected has increased. In March, the Russian Center for Public Opinion examined the effects of sanctions on the daily life of the Russians and concluded that half of the population purchases or plans to do so rather than expensive goods, while each fifth surveyed has postponed projects such as housing renovations, shifts or educational projects. As a result, the majority of Russians – about 60 percent – said that the sanctions somehow affected their lives.
22125	19	"A external observer who is unfamiliar with the methods of functioning here in the country could assume that this number not only says something about the effects of sanctions but also indicates an increase in political risks as well as the probability of protests. But even according to estimates of western-financed research centers, the proportion of the Russian population, who believes that the country definitely goes ""in the right direction"", has remained constant in the past months at 65 to 70 percent. These are very strong indicators."
22125	21	The leaders of many “successful democracies” in the West, which showed a positive economic growth, although this has lost dynamics after the COVID-19 crisis, can only hate the Russian leadership for such a degree of trust. For example, the approval rate of U.S. President Joe Biden is at just 36 percent, the trend decreases, and with a slurry that has not yet been reached.
22125	23	Through the hope of the West, by means of sanctions and the exodus of Western companies, to bring easy Russians to go on the streets, it simply does not understand the structure of the country’s economy, and, secondly, it does not even understand what the Russian people see as the reasons for the recent events in Ukraine or who makes it responsible for it.
22125	25	More than 60 million people, i.e. more than half of the adult population of the country, including retirees, are economically dependent on the state in one way or another. Almost none of the officials, executives, military personnel, doctors or teachers who “work for the state” are ready to perform calls from the West and give up their government positions for protest against the events in Ukraine.
22125	27	Roman, an employee of a state bank who has entered his profession a little less than 20 years ago, says his income has increased continuously until February this year. Of course, the financial possibilities have decreased since 2014, when the first round of Western sanctions was launched and the value of the ruble after the reunification with Crimea dropped strongly, but stability remained.
22125	29	“No one would claim that the situation is simple because the bank I work in was sanctioned. However, there is no question of dismissing newly employed or long-standing employees in the company. The same goes for wages. There is probably little hope for a salary increase in the near future, but reductions in monthly wages and bonuses are not expected yet,” says Roman.
22125	31	In such a situation, it is obvious that working in state-owned companies provides a much greater stability than working in European or U.S. companies, many of whom will be left completely in the dark over their future.
22125	33	“The fourth. I went to the office for the last time in March. Now I’ve been working from home for almost three months, though it’s hard to call it a job,” says Anna, an employee of a major European manufacturer of household goods.
22125	35	"""Well, my salary is repaid, though not in full, and there is almost no work to do, except to bring documents to the post, hold zoom meetings with colleagues and so on. I am most afraid of the unknown. Everyone knows that one day the staff can be dismissed once and for all and everyone will lose their job. It’s a shame to build a career over so many years, to work from the simple seller to the head of the department, just to understand that you’re likely to start at zero or face a harsh competition after you’ve been thrown out into the labour market.”"
22125	37	According to analysts, the biggest companies cannot afford to hold staff for much longer than three months. Many companies have already started selling their shops in Russia because they have realized that they can’t afford to stay in the fence anymore. Some major Western financial companies offered their employees a three-month re-training with further employment opportunities abroad. But given the attitude towards the Russians on the Western labour market, many do not see this as a practicable option.
22125	39	“You promise to pay my salary completely for the next six months, and sent us for an unpaid internship to Dubai. Finally, those with the best reviews for a transfer to the company’s offices around the world will be recommended,” said another woman named Anna, an employee of a U.S. financial service company who stopped her activities in Russia. “But what should I do? I have to try it. It is difficult to find a new job in the financial sector in Russia. Banks do not dismiss any employees, but they do not employ. You have, as my friends say to the staff brokers, introduced a setting stop. My husband had to resign his job so he could accompany me to Dubai. I have always been the main winner in my marriage. Now it’s called “friss or die,” as you say. “Of I continue to work abroad, or we’ll both return to Russia and both will be unemployed.”
22125	41	"In fact, the sanctions against Russia added the greatest pain to the best-educated and best-winning layers of the country’s population: inhabitants of large cities, whose lives significantly more than imported goods, overseas travel, etc. It was dependent. Therefore, these are the people who most clearly felt the fall of Visa or Mastercard and the fall of well-known retail brands. But these ""losses"" are not critical, and the government is doing everything to balance the discomfort arising from parallel imports."
22125	43	The less wealthy population, which according to some informal estimates accounts for almost a quarter of the country’s population, is less dependent on imports and suffers significantly less from these sanctions.
22125	45	Many people understand that the reasons for the current economic difficulties – just as in 2020 – are primarily external and, secondly, have nothing to do with negative economic or market forces. That is, the difficulties are not due to a failure of the country’s financial markets or the consequences of domestic economic cycles. In 2020, Russia faced a compulsory closure of business and public life due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Today, the country is sanctioned by the world’s leading economic centers because of its treatment with, as experts call it, “geopolitical risks.”
22125	47	"The support for the government’s policy is not triggered by economic factors, but rather by the understanding that the conflict that is currently taking place is less between Russia and Ukraine than between Russia and the so-called “collective West”. Many believe that sanctions against Russia would have been imposed regardless of its behavior, because the West ""will weaken Russia."" This strong conviction, which has been expressed more than once by President Putin, is largely based on uncertainty to the U.S. foreign policy. Sociologists have recorded such uncertainty since the late 1990s, when NATO began to extend to the east."
22125	49	In the early 1990s, after the collapse of the USSR, there was a great enthusiasm in Russia for strengthening relations with the United States. Many Russians believed that both countries and their peoples would become strategic partners and reliable friends after the Iron Curtain belonged to the past.
22125	51	Unfortunately, this partnership and friendship has never existed. The hopes were dissolved by disappointment and uncertainty, especially after the NATO illegally bombed Yugoslavia and the US began wars in the Middle East and withdrew from all weapons control agreements. The negative attitude towards U.S. foreign policy increased after 2014, when a government breakthrough with strong U.S. support took place in Ukraine. The harder the confrontation between Russia and the United States has become since then, the higher Putin’s agreement values have increased.
22125	53	However, the Russian society is convinced that the President does not focus his foreign policy on internal support, but on the security of the Russian state. In this sense, economic difficulties can be overcome.
22125	55	"The government understands that the Russians are ready to ""think the belt closer,"" and is not afraid to admit that difficulties are coming. Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said Russia’s economy is in “the most difficult situation in the past 30 years.” According to the Central Bank, the crisis of 2022 is one of the biggest challenges the Russian economy has faced since the 1990s."
22125	57	The country expects a decrease in GDP by up to 10 percent in 2022, and economists estimate it will take five to six years, with an annual growth of 2 percent, until the economy returns to the level of 2021. This growth is not guaranteed. Economists are concerned that inflation could reach 15-20 percent by the end of this year, while unemployment will reach its peak at eight percent. However, the public sector will be strongest protected from employment loss. The real available income of the Russians will drop by seven to eight percent before it returns to its current level.
22125	59	Pjotr, a 35-year-old employee of an IT company, has not yet lost his optimism and tries to comprehensively assess the situation: “Russia carries out a military special operation to ensure its physical security. Sanctions are a good reason to strengthen economic security. Now Russia has a unique historical opportunity to further develop its own industry and agriculture. The country can already supply itself with grains, plant oil, fish, meat and potatoes. The sanctions will only make the country stronger in the future.”
22125	61	In fact, today’s sanctions, including those against the transport and logistics sector, have greater impact on Russian imports than on exports. Imports are declining both in physical and monetary terms. Given the current currency control measures, including the obligation that exporters sell a part of their currency revenue, the dominant market situation in which exports exceed the imports directly contributes to a strengthening of the ruble.
22125	63	The exchange rate of the ruble against the dollar was 9. March with more than 136 rubles per dollar a low standard. Since then, the currency has increased its value by more than 100 percent. Due to a ban on the export of dollar and euro banknotes to Russia, there was a discrepancy between cash-free and cash-free exchange rates. A cash dollar or euro is traded with a discount of 15 to 17 percent on the cash-free rate. However, it is important to note that both exchange rates have the same upward trend since March.
22125	65	The introduction of exchange controls played an important role in reducing the panic on the markets and in the population, which strengthened the confidence in the security margin of the Russian economy and even lowered the prices for some imported goods and services. The President’s decision to demand European countries to pay gas in rubles was also an important factor in supporting demand for the ruble.
22125	67	There is a group of people who benefit directly from this strengthening of the Russian currency, namely the tourists. Ilja, a 42-year-old employee of a building company, is pleased with the reduced prices at his favorite holiday destination abroad: “Our family consists of four people. We looked at the prices for a trip to Turkey in March, but there it was very expensive, and we didn’t drive. But the strengthening of the ruble has made a holiday on the sea affordable for our family for this summer.”
22125	69	Of course, the country still has a lot of work to adapt to the new conditions, but there is a understanding in society of why it came to this situation. And in a world of high uncertainty, a consensus on basic matters is already a good starting point to start new initiatives.”
22127	1	Ambivalence to the Putin regime and the Ukrainian resistance
22127	3	The Russian occupation war against the Ukrainian population leaves deep furks in the left spectrum, especially in the German-speaking countries. Parts of the ancient peace movement as well as leftist organizations and magazines can be guided by a geopolitical stock thinking and bring about understanding of the security interests of the Russian imperialism. Others lead from an abstract understanding of the imperialist world system that the Russian aggressors and the attacked Ukraine, which ultimately leads a representative war for NATO, are equally weak. Those who from a comprehensive anti-imperialist understanding of the Russian regime not only consider the Ukrainian resistance against the occupation as legitimate, but also support, are in the minority.
22127	5	The positions revealed in this debate contribution belong to the author and do not necessarily agree with those of the Freedom Love editorial.
22127	7	The confusion is great. The Socialist newspaper (SoZ) is among those who celebrate this confusion with conscious ambivalence. On their pages there are clear interviews with the Ukrainian left and excellent analyses about Russian imperialism, but also manipulative and false propaganda to support Putin and neocolonial arguments to delegitize the Ukrainian resistance. SoZ’s edition thus raises the impression that all these positions equally contribute to the positioning of the left. It belongs to some extent to the identity of neo-Stalinist and geopolitical storage-minded journals, to take on uncritically manipulative and reactionary propaganda. Unfortunately, the disorientation during the Russian war in Ukraine also leads leftist magazines such as the SoZ to such a practice. On the example of the SoZ I show in this post that the maintenance of such pluralism arises a fundamental political and strategic problem.[ 1 ]
22127	9	Between stock thinking and socialist discussion
22127	11	In March 2022, the Socialist newspaper published the 50th. The “Journal Against the War”. “Why Russia doesn’t want war? Why the West is fighting. Why the Peace Movement must be mobilized?[2] Thus, the SoZ edition of ridiculousness was priced. It was until the beginning of the 24th. In February, many observers mistaken about the long-term prepared attack war of the Russian imperialism. However, the SoZ edition not only mistaken, but it supported with the attachment of the “Journal Against the War” a publication that breathed the spirit of geopolitical storage thinking through each individual article. Almost all articles harmless in a different way the character of Russian imperialism. The authors are concerned about the security interests of Russia and not the well-being of the Ukrainian people. An article even protects Syrian dictator Assad against alleged unjustified criticism. Whoever in the subsequent edition of the SoZ expected a justification or even apology from the editor for this attachment hoped in vain. The editor overplayed the anger with a politically unsuccessful flock. SoZ continues to support the “Journal Against the War” by its entry in the Impressum of the subsequent edition 51. Despite the condemnation of the Russian attack war, this edition will again make the Russian position understandable. It also describes the Ukrainian resistance as irresponsible.
22127	13	In the April edition, the SoZ edition focused on its political roots and published a pleasant article by Christoph Wälz about socialist organizations in Russia and an interesting conversation with the two Ukrainian socialists Denys Gorbachev and Denis Pilash. The interview with a fellow of Operation Solidarity on the Ukrainian resistance in the May edition[3] and the excellent article by Bernd Gehrke on Russian imperialism in June[4] help readers gain new insights. The detailed interview with Wolodymyr Ischtschenkoaus New Left Review in the online edition is also an enrichment.[ 5 ]
22127	15	Putin’s propaganda
22127	17	At the same time, the SoZ edition in the May edition leads to authors who either openly support Putin’s position or doubt the legitimacy of Ukrainian defense. On a whole double page, the SoZ publishes three articles, all of which capture elements of the official Russian argument to justify the war against the Ukrainian population.
22127	19	What motivated the editorial to print a long contribution from former Swiss intelligence officer Jacques Baud?[6] The SoZ took this article from the website of the Overton magazine,[7] which regularly profiles with publications to defend the Putin regime. The original French contribution was published by the Centre Français de recherche sur le renseignement (CF2R), a think tank on intelligence services.[8] Its director and founder, Éric Denécé, has been supporting Putin for many years, as well as the dictators of Assad in Syria and Al-Sisi in Egypt. In another contribution, Baud justifies the Russian warfare and represents it – in accordance with Putin’s propaganda – as a striking protection operation for the population in the Donbass region.[9 ]
22127	21	In the article printed by the SoZ, Jacques Baud largely takes over the Russian predictions for the attack war. Behind a lot of only difficult to verify details is the author’s intention to delegitize the Ukrainian resistance. Since the 16. In February, Joe Biden knew that the Ukrainians began shooting the civilian population in the Donbass, what Vladimir Putin had faced with a difficult choice: either to help the Donbass militarily and create an international problem, or unfairly see how Russian-speaking people are pulled out of the Donbass. The responsibility for the war lies with the government in Kiev and the Western governments. Baud apologizes hardly clausulating the Russian attacks on the Ukrainian civilian population, since in the end they are partially armed. “Our media promotes a romantic image of the people’s resistance. This image has led the EU to finance the distribution of weapons to the civilian population. This is a criminal act. In my role as the Head of the Doctrine of Peace-Sustainable Operations at the UN, I have engaged in the issue of protection of civil population. We have found that violence against civilians occurs in very certain contexts. Especially when weapons are in abundance and there are no command structures.”The fact that a socialist newspaper does not interrogate such statements, even tends to agree, is already a scandal alone.
22127	23	Baud discusses the Russian military strategy in other parts of the article, which were not taken over by the Soviet Union, and considers it largely successful. He even believes that the desmilitarization desired by Putin of Ukraine has been almost achieved and the Ukrainian army in the east of the country has been almost enclosed. Fortunately, the SoZ has not taken over the anger of this Putin-friendly error assessment, which, however, more clearly reveals the instrumental selection of text fragments by the SoZ edition.
22127	25	Jacques Baud otherwise publishes on websites in the Dunst Circle of Pandemieverhinder:in and in conservative to reactionary magazines with a clear hang to the defense of the Russian regime. So far, Jacques Baud also profiled himself as a supporter of the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad. He denies the crimes of Assad and denies the high number of victims in Darfur. Critics:In him, the dissemination of conspiracy stories.[ 10 ]
22127	27	Jacques Baud works manipulatively and does not fear to falsify the statements of the cited sources.[11] An example: Baud writes in the SoZ: “But let’s remember that it was before 23 and 24. In February 2022, Russian troops did not enter the Donbass. OSCE observers have never even seen the smallest trace of Russian units in the Donbass,” Baud also denies that the Donbass rebels received Russian weapons in 2014. Baud is based in another article on the OSCE representative Alexander Hug. But he said in the interview quoted the opposite of Baud’s claims.[12] In addition, it is to be remembered the crash of the Malaysian Airline passenger aircraft in July 2014. The Dutch investigations clearly found the presence of Russian war material on the territory of Ukraine.
22127	29	The second example, Baud writes: “On the 24. In March 2021, Wolodymyr Selenskyj had issued an order to recover the Crimea and began to deploy his armed forces to the south of the country.” March 2021 indeed a decree on the “deocupation” and restoration of Ukrainian sovereignty over Crimea. The decision complains the systematic infringement of human rights, namely of the recognised Tatar population. He emphasizes a number of diplomatic, political, economic, legal, cultural and humanitarian measures to this goal and priorizes them over military means. Interpreting a preparation for the military deportation of the Russian occupation forces from this order is a simple falsehood.[13] The
22127	31	A short investigation would have the SoZ edition actually had to vote cautiously. However, on the contrary, the editorial in the introduction to the article of Baud justifies its choice as follows: “We are unable to verify the accuracy of the facts that are listed there. We consider his description clear in itself. We do not make each judgment our own. But when he writes, ‘In reality we’re not trying to help Ukraine, but to fight Russia’, that’s exactly the same as our impression. The text can therefore be read as a piece of unnecessary contradiction.” SoZ calls simple manipulations and falsifications contradiction. In fact, this leaves only one conclusion: the SoZ edition says that Ukrainian resistance against Russia is rebellious.
22127	33	This reasoning in full awareness of the author's political position and in the context of the long-term planned Russian attack war is not less than a editorial bankruptcy declaration. It is at the same time a political justification of Putin-friendly propaganda and equally puts it in addition to socialist criticism of Russian imperialism in other articles of the SoZ. Finally, with the publication of this article, the SoZ edition has decided to spread the plumper and most foolish propaganda for the Putin regime. In addition, the SoZ edition also believes in the introduction to the article of Baud that the Fake Environment Foundation founded by SPD leaders in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern to organize the gas trade with Russia has been closed in the course of the launched anti-Russian propaganda wave. Instead of rejecting the legitimate criticism of the climate movement on this gas trade and its environmental disruption, the SoZ edition represents the closure of the foundation as an enemy act of Russia. How will the SoZ with such judgments lead the dialogue with the climate movement, which is more right in its rejection of Russian gas than many left.
22127	35	by Steinmeier Lobredner
22127	37	On the same double page, the SoZ publishes an article by Roland Czada, Professor of Political and Administrative Sciences[14]. The publishing agency thus reveals the obvious political message. The author complains about the non-invitation of the Federal President Steinmeier by the Ukrainian government and leads this diplomatic confrontation to Steinmeier's role in the negotiations on the implementation of the two Minsk agreements. The author draws incomprehensible and doubtful historical comparisons, for example, with the Westphalian Peace and its criticism by the Nazis. Besides this, he knows completely that the recipes of Steinmeier would have been good for Ukraine. “The goal of a neutral, federally written Ukraine would have better addressed its history and conflict situation than a unitary state, especially because the overwhelming majority of the people living in the east and south long rejected the country’s western orientation.” he writes the failure of the Minsk agreements unilaterally to Ukraine and silence that Russia has since 2014 openly questioned the sovereignty, the borders of Ukraine, and even its existence. In an unmistakable neo-colonial way, the author writes: “The Minsk Agreement and the Steinmeier formula would have, among other things. The conflict can be resolved and the eastern border of Ukraine can be restored. The Minsk agreements were openly undermined by Ukrainian nationalists. This article also aims to represent the Ukrainian government as a hostage of the extreme right, to represent it as co-responsible for the Russian attack war and thus to make the Ukrainian resistance appear illegal.
22127	39	In fact, the publication of these articles and their editorial accompaniment leaves no other conclusion than that the SoZ edition has not out of negligence, but politically consciously designed this double page of its newspaper in order to target the reader’s understanding of the argument of the Russian regime and to delegitimate the Ukrainian resistance. There is a lot of rich and critical analysis about the developments in Donetsk and Luhansk (e.g. Simon Piranis article about the Pseudo Republics[15] and his analysis about the risk of escalation.[16] Socialists from Russia and Ukraine evaluate the history of the war and look at the diplomatic parquet. There are many contributions to this. The Ak-analyse & Kritik newspaper has meritfully made a small selection of this rich material available to German-speaking readers. The Ukrainian socialists, feminists, and anarchists are all exercising harsh criticism of the Selensky government, which makes their resistance to the Russian imperialism more credible.
22127	41	However, the SoZ edition has chosen another way. She prefers instead to let a Switzerland-Putin lawmaker and a German Steinmeier-Lobredner come to speech to make Ukrainian resistance appear false, nazis and illegitimate.
22127	43	Conscious ambivalence
22127	45	On multiple criticism, the SoZ edition justifies in an editorial note in the June edition its publication policy on war, without, however, contentsally engaging in the expressed criticism, especially in the publication of the contribution of Jacques Baud. She believes it is appropriate to illustrate the different positions of the left to war in the newspaper. However, SoZ has not yet organized a debate. The SoZ edition represents the published Putin apology as a legitimate contribution to the clarification of a socialist position. She confirms her sling course and asks in the June edition, “What other means beyond the fire force of weapons exists to resist a highly militarized attacker?” she answers this question with an interview with Stephan Brües, the co-president of the Federation for Social Defense. His proposals continue that the Ukrainian population should accept the Russian occupation and then practice civil resistance. The German Pacificist gives well-thinking and real-world, but ultimately neocolonial advice on how the Ukrainian population can escape the hole of the bombs and artillery shots.
22127	47	In the June edition, Leo Gabriel may also spread his view on a discussion at the World Social Forum. This demonstrated in May 2019 the honor of the anti-Semitic and unified leadership of the Pseudo-Volks Republic of Donetsk in the framework of a Neostalinist delegation.[17] The geopolitical worldview of the occasional SoZ author Leo Gabriel also shakes down in his report. Accidentally, Gabriel prays the statement of Andrej Kotchetov, an internationally connected Stalinist unionist from Luhansk, who is well-known by Putin and Assad.[18] This is a pleasure that the Ukrainian troops have now been pushed 100 kilometers back. In a manipulative way, he faces the wrathful and wary statement of the Ukrainian Nina Potorska and praises the “interesting peace policy proposals” of the Ukrainian pacifist Juri Sheliashenko hoped in the German Peace Movement, who advocates the refusal to war service in Ukraine. This Juri Scheliashenko, to which Stephan Brües also refers in his above-mentioned interview, only represents himself and moves outside the Ukrainian left. He does not hesitate to work with anti-Semitic and theoretically argumenting political partners in the country and abroad.[19] Also here the question is why the SoZ does not even check what persons and currents its author appears to promote alongside, but targeted. This reminds me that in February 2019, the SoZ published a comprehensive conversation by Leo Gabriel with the Nicaraguan dictator Ortega, shortly after he shot several hundred protesters.
22127	49	The course of SoZ is consciously ambivalent and open to geopolitical storage thinking. “We see a lot of confusion in the left. But when positions within the left are widespread, we consider it better to deal with it and want to understand it. That then sometimes contributions appear that don’t trigger any agreement is in the nature of the pressmaking.” With such non-chalance, the SoZ justifies the publication of reactionary Putin propaganda and a paternalist praise on the former Foreign Minister and current Federal President.
22127	51	Now a socialist newspaper can, of course, pursue a pluralist editorial concept. This is usually also meaningful. However, there seems to be a political decision here to open the newspaper fully consciously to arguments that can be arranged as “campistic” – i.e. a geopolitical storage thought –. This storage thought is widespread in the German left, but far away from an emancipatory-socialist perspective from below. It leads to reactionary conclusions and strange alliances.
22127	53	But part of this ambivalence is also that the Socialist newspaper is a member of the European network for solidarity with Ukraine. This, however, does not prevent the editorial from opposing this political announcement through its publicist orientation. The editorial justification of the newspaper’s previously practiced orientation in the June edition and Angela Klein’s unbinding reference to the war in the same edition[21] suggests that the editorial will continue its Schlingerkursus. This makes her newspapers out.
22127	55	It is too tragic, however, that the SoZ with this course will not have a chance to take a foot in the climate movement. This is politically ongoing. It calls for the withdrawal from the fossil power plants from Russia and understands this as an important step to get out of the fossil economy at all.
22128	1	Fossil Industry, Arms and Intelligence
22128	2	About the Russian Neo-Imperialism
22128	4	Such a blamage of left-wing positions was rare: With Russia’s aggression war against the independent Ukraine, the estimate expressed shortly before by many and prominent leftists was led ad absurdum that, despite the military seizure at the border of Ukraine, there was no war threat from Russia.
22128	6	The main actors of the German Peace Movement have admitted their mistake publicly, and a fair discussion with them is therefore possible. However, the reasons for this fundamental errors have not yet been discussed.
22128	8	One of the most important causes of the errors is the lack of employment with the aggressive character of the present-day Russian capitalism. However, this occupation is not only necessary because of the current war against Ukraine and the risks of a nuclear war that has become visible again. For the previous collapse of the political opposition in Russia and the increasing repression of the Putin regime during the war, poses the danger that the regime will evolve from the previous authoritarian presidential rule to an open totalitarian-fascist regime, as the Russian sociologist Greg Yudin recently observed.2 Thus, the flood of war reports has almost completely fallen down that security forces for hours occupied the rooms of the end of 2021 forbidden human rights organization Memorial in Moscow shortly after the beginning of the war and captured numerous documents and computers. Given the war in Ukraine and the numerous crimes against the Russian civil society, this process seems almost harmless. But this process, like the prohibition of Memorial itself, makes clear that there is an attack on any prerequisite of social self-organization: on the discussion of independent history and society narratives in favor of a totalitarian rule ideology.
22128	10	At the same time, however, the equally outcome economic situation in which the invasion of Ukraine brought Russian capitalism constitutes a significant danger not only for the Russian opposition. A radicalization and increasing violence of the Putin regime inside and outside are to be feared. Russia’s foreign policy targets, which have already been announced, are sufficiently threatening its neighbors and Europe as a whole.
22128	12	Miniatures of Russian Wild East Capitalism
22128	14	Today, the Putin regime not only openly embodies the reactionary ideology of the Global New Rights in cultural and internal politics, but today the brutal reality of an authoritarian-repressive and neoliberal Wild East capitalism is clear to all with all its fears. The internal scripture of Russia should make it impossible to mislead about the character of Russian foreign policy. If so, there would not be the way many leftists look away.
22128	16	Thus, the German left hardly discuss the character of the Russian Wild East capitalism, whose brutality is little different from that of the Wild West capitalism, for example in the emerging countries of the south. The living level of the wage workers is much lower than in the West and shows that Russia is still a country of the Second World. In addition, it is a country with an extreme opposite of poverty and wealth, with that small layer of one percent super rich facing a huge world of poor. The so-called middle class, however, accounts for a maximum of 10 percent of the population. One of the first measures after Putin's post as president was the introduction of a neoliberal flat tax of only 13 percent on income and the implementation of various deregulation and privatization measures.
22128	18	To the daily struggle of existence in the big cities with their massive precarious jobs, which, as well as the buildings of the country, are filled by the immigrant low-loaners from the Russian suburb in Central Asia, the pressure on fighting trade unions belongs through the phalanx of state and capital. For this dramatic situation of the working classes in Russia, which is similar to the situation in other emerging countries, the left has not yet been interested in the landgrabbing and the enormous extraction of nature, which is accompanied by violent actions and death threats against the eco-activists and the defending small trees. With the “alternative” there is even a small trade union whose goal is to liberate people from private slavery.
22128	20	The corruption of political power, police, justice and capital in the exploitation of humans and the robbery of nature not only makes clear the clepto-cratic character of the connection of authoritarian state apparatus and real wild capitalism. He also explains the many murders of investigative journalists. State laws of protection for man and nature, as they exist, are mostly merely beneficial contributions to the often direct and violent implementation of capital interests.
22128	22	The example of VW and the class struggle from above
22128	24	Western multis such as Coca Cola and VW are not behaving differently in Russia than in Mexico. In 2019, the VW management proposed in negotiations with two trade unions a salary rate below the inflation rate. When one of the two trade unions belonging to the Independent Confederation of Labour (KTR)3 MPRA, which had represented 38 percent of the workers in the Tariff Commission, began to get their opinion with a signature collection in the workers, it was banned by the VW management on the workspace. As the signature collection was continued in front of the operating gate, VW accused the syndicates of “terrorism” and called the police. The Regional Labour Ministry then banned the signature action in agreement with the Governor against the existing legal rights of the trade unions.4 This practice of the company of the German Preview Group with authoritarian regimes we have known for a long time, Brazil or Apartheid South Africa are called exemplary.
22128	26	This incident became a kind of beginning of a massive attack by the Russian state and the capital behind it on the self-determination rights of dependent workers and trade unions in the following year. on 23. In May 2020 the State Duma decided to abolish the previous Labour Act. It was inherited in the autonomous negotiation of employment relations by companies and trade unions. Their place was now a “worldly unique law,” as Oleg Shein, the Vice-President of the KTR, wrote. In this reform, the employment relations are now “regulated by state regulations” and in the event of a “conflict between the Labour Act and the Government Decisions” “the decision of the Government has priority.”5
22128	28	Fighting trade unions, which act internationalistically and solidarely, are also increasingly threatened by the “foreign agents” law, which was also applied against Memorial and other human rights groups.6
22128	30	Nomenclature capitalism
22128	32	In order to understand the action of the Putin regime, it is necessary to recall the genesis of today’s Russian capitalism and to remember its emergence from the despotically characterized formerly ruling “communist” nomenclature. After the failed coup of the Soviet security apparatus in August 1991, President Boris Jelzin launched a shock strategy of liberalization and Hauruck-privatization of the Soviet state property. The declared goal was the rapid creation of a private “ownership class” in order to ensure the irreversibility of the capitalist path in Russia. The consequence of this policy was a dramatic deepening of the already existing social and economic crisis with catastrophic consequences for the lives of most citizens of Russia. The average life expectancy of men dropped to 63.7 years, in Moscow passed passengers: in the waste tones after Essbarem, in the course of the privatization people who became homeless fled on the Red Square, wages were not paid for months, and miners struggled for a piece of soap.
22128	34	The privatization of state property went largely on criminal ways. Through tricks, fraud, corruption, and violence, and banks quickly got “in the pockets” of former “red directors” and other members of the “communist” nomenclature. In the shortest period of time, billions of turmoil emerged in these “founder years” of the oligarch power. Mafiosi helped as hard as KGB, army and police members were released. Thus, a corrupt and criminal network of former directors, security officials and mafios emerged, who using bloodshed methods operated the further redistribution of the former state property in the 1990s. The 1990s in Russia, the mafia conflicts in the 1930s in Chicago, as can be read on the basis of many examples, such as in the books of the murdered journalist Anna Politkovskaja. The right term for the emerging system was quickly found: “nomenclature capitalism”, a capitalism that was derived from the division of the previous state property under the former “communist” nomenclature.
22128	36	Zaren, Stalin and Putin
22128	38	It is already surprising that some leftists see Vladimir Putin, admired by the global extreme right, as the poor victims of the West, that Putin, who, according to Steve Bannon and his right-wing radical U.S. companions, is not “woke” and “have the eggs” to approach the decadent West. Apparently, Putin’s defense left are prisoners of its own symbolic policy, as the Putin regime uses Soviet symbols of victory over Hitler’s Germany or de-nationalization, especially now in the war against Ukraine. This seems to fit the left world picture. However, it is ignored that the flags of the Soviet Navy would like to lay on the masters of the Russian billionaires yards, and that the Putin regime, in addition to Soviet symbols, especially used those of the Zarism. Whoever looks with a subtle look can see that the nomenclature-capitalist and autoritarian-nationalist Putin regime uses all the symbols that pronounce the “Grandth of Russia”. The Soviet Union is regarded openly and unconditionally as what it became under Stalin: a specific variant of the Great Russian Empire. That’s why Putin hates Lenin so decisively, who just understood the Soviet Union not as the continuation of the Russian Empire, but as the union of Soviet republics based on the right of self-determination of the peoples.
22128	40	"But how does the use of Soviet symbols coincide with the reactionary-nationalist practice of the present? Since 2012 and especially since the year 100. On the anniversary of the October Revolution 2017, the regime has managed to create a history ideology in the center of which is the narrative of the positive essence of a great-Russian-authoritarian state. In it a development is constructed from the Zars through Stalin to Putin. Lenin is largely reminded, unless he has to be the guilty of the collapse of the Soviet state from 1989 to 1991. The times of the Great Russian Revolution are considered times of confusion, in which both the Red and the White wanted the best for Russia and which eventually led to the rise of the strong Stalinist state in the succession of the Tsar kingdom. Here Russia had reached its greatest extension and its validity as a world power. In this nationalist way, the symbols and cults of the Soviet state traded in the people as those of the victory in the Great Patriotic War with the symbols of the Zarism can be transformed into a reactionary melange of the greatness of Russia. Feast of the 9th. May is, therefore, not more than a symbol of the memory of the victims of Russia in the victory over Hitler's Germany and for a ""Never again war!"", but for the current strength of Russia and the opportunity to repeat the march to Berlin in the fight against the West."
22128	42	It is no wonder that the censorship authority has recognized and banned the song “Do you think the Russians want war?” as a state-threatening fuel.
22128	44	Given the conservatism of the masses – contrary to some reactionary demands – thanks to Putin, even the statues of the “pop-morders” Lenin may remain stable. Connecting to ideas from the Russian Eurasia and other reactionary flows, this ideology is “anti-west-anti-liberal” and ethically conservative. She just meant “Russia, but normal” to modify the AfD’s electoral slogan. But outside, this ideology coincides with a belief in the anti-decadent mission of Russia and the desire for a revenge for the fall of the former Russian world power called the Soviet Union. The angry face of Putin when he spoke of the drug addicts in the Ukrainian government was an equally real expression of this ideology as the announcement of the Patriarch of Moscow, Kyrill, that the struggle of Russia in Ukraine is fair because he is against the domination of homosexuals there existing.
22128	46	The beginning of Putin's political career
22128	48	On this reactionary ideology can only be surprised who ignores the criminal-capitalist turn of the authoritarian “communist” nomenclature, which already at the beginning of the recapitalization of the former Soviet state property triggered dictatorial traits.
22128	50	At the end of 1993, when the way of Russia into capitalism was politically secure by Yeltsin's use of tanks against the democratically elected Congress of the People's Deputies of Russia, a delegation of leading German managers went to Russia to fix investment conditions. At a meeting with the then Vice Mayor of St. Petersburg, Vladimir Putin, responsible for the care of foreign investors, there was a remarkable conversation, which was not only characteristic about the then rulers in Russia, about Putin’s thinking at the beginning of his political career, but also about the German managers. When the camera present at the meeting was turned off, a German general manager asked Mr. Putin if a military dictatorship according to the Chilean model in Russia is not only in the circles of the military. Mr. Putin answered very clearly: “If you ask so... I advocate a Pinochet dictatorship in Russia.”
22128	52	At the end of 1993, the New Germany newspaper, on the basis of a few days later broadcast WDR documentation, supplemented the statements of the Vice Mayor as follows: “Therefore, Putin distinguishes between ‘necessary’ and ‘criminal’ violence. Political violence is criminal if it aims to eradicate market economic relations, “necessary” if it promotes or protects private capital investments. He, Putin, explains, in light of the difficult private-economic path, the possible preparations of Jelzin and the military to conduct a dictatorship according to Pinochet’s example. Putin’s statements were welcomed by both the German corporate representatives and the present Vice-President German General Consul.”9 The answer seems to have liked the German gentlemen, because all, all, came and invested in Russia, Siemens, VW, Daimler, the chemistry and many more.
22128	54	Putin and the Oligarchy
22128	56	As deputy mayor, Putin organized corruption-based dealings between old economic frameworks, western managers or mafios with politicians, so a “successful” lunch with mayor Sobchak could once cost more than $100,000. In any case, the economic situation of the city of St. Petersburg was significantly more favorable than in the rest of the country, which is why Putin was taken from the staff of Jelzin to Moscow and after an intermezzo as the head of the FSB soon became the Prime Minister of Russia.
22128	58	The oligarchs, whose election campaign owes Jelzin in 1996 his re-election and a second term, determined the Kremlin’s policy. In order to safeguard their power and their wealth, they also organized the succession of Jelzin in the presidential office, if he had to resign after two elections in 2000. Thus, Yelzin passed his office before the election period to the “reformer” and man of the oligarchs Putin. Immediately, Putin's systematic inscenation began to riding the bear and killing the dragons superheroes. A terrorist attack in Moscow was used by Putin for the opening of the Second Chechen War. Through this, he demonstrated new strength and the restoration of the “honour” of Russia, which gave him great consent in the 2000 presidential election.
22128	60	He obtained an equally large consent from the people when Putin joined the oligarch with those who had brought him to power. He guaranteed them the stolen wealth, but only if they do not interfere in politics. Exemplarically, this was presented on the kidnapping and punishment of the then wealthiest man in Russia, Mikhail Chodorkowski. After he joined the president in the state apparatus for corruption and went to the president in opposition, he was arrested in 2003 and sentenced to eight years in prison in 2005. The accusation was of serious fraud and tax evasion with a damage of more than $1 billion to the Russian state. His oil group Yukos was divided into state groups.
22128	62	But in the background of this debate there was also an economic-political conflict, since Putin intended to bring the oil and gas industry as a branch of economic and political strategic importance for Russia back into state possession.
22128	64	In addition to the oligarchy rooted in the criminal privatization of the 1990s, the rule of the authoritarian presidential system has produced another phenomenon. With Putin, the framework of the former KGB took over the control of the oligarchy and now brought out their own oligarchs. Often it was the president’s old species and trust that owes him their new wealth. Thus Putin actually created a new “state oligarchy” next to and above the Yeltsin’s “private oligarchy”. It occupies the main interfaces of state apparatus, state groups and economic control and thus forms a narrow network of policy and strategically important economic areas. Through their functions, their relatives at the same time have the opportunity to make money in their own pocket. In this regard, it remains fairly committed to “the Putin system” to loyalty.
22128	66	Modernization of the economy fails with Putin's regime
22128	68	The way of the close division of politics and economy has for Russia not only consequences for the development of democracy, but also consequences for the long-term economic development. The problem is the political empowerment of two dominant economic blocks in a joint political power block characterized by intelligence officials, in the center of which the president stands. This is, on the one hand, the all other civil sectors of the economy exceeding by the size and the high degree of monopoly oil and gas, but also the coal output and exporting industry. It is the Military and Industrial Complex (MIK). The monopoly capital strength of both economic power blocks almost regularly leads to the fact that innovative enterprises that arise next to them are either purchased or pushed from the market. The introduction and subordination of the great intellectual potential of Russia, for example in the IT field, under the needs of military and intelligence services is a well-known example of the long-term weakening of civil sectors and thus a universal presence of the giant country on the world market.
22128	70	The modernization of the fossil industry and the MIC enable the reproduction and modernization of the rest of the civil economic structure is the power-structually conditioned drive of the entire economic development in Russia. Therefore, the oil and gas-based, economic pensions-consuming clepto-cratic power of the Putin regime is even the best guarantee for Russia’s long-term retreat behind its imperialist rival. Always extremely dependent on the price of oil and gas on the world market, it also, in times of climate warming, constitutes extremely reactionary interests in this regard, both domestic and foreign policy.
22128	72	Only the economic sanctions of the West since 2014 have led to a limited modernization of other branches such as the food industry. Furthermore, Russia today is one of the world’s largest wheat exporters with a 20 percent share, which does not change the fact that Russia’s export structure largely corresponds to the semi-colonial status of a country exporting raw materials and semi-fabricated products. Since the fall of oil and gas prices since 2008, the income of wage-dependents has stagnated. With new neoliberal attacks on salary dependents and retirees, it has been attempted to promote the competitiveness of and the restoration of the budget. Thanks to the oil price rise over the past three years, however, the Corona pandemic has been socially captured and the war box has been filled.
22128	74	Violence instead of modernization
22128	76	The contradiction recognized by Vladimir Putin and his surroundings as a problem between Russia as a nuclear superpower and its economic status at the Brazilian level had led to the President’s declared goal that Russia should become one of the world’s five largest economic powers by 2035. However, this goal had to be placed on ice. Recent forecasts before the attack on Ukraine indicate that Russia’s economy will stagnate in the long term and will move on a place like today in 2035. However, by this time, the consumption of fossil fuels of the major secure land in Europe will have dropped drastically.
22128	78	Vladimir Putin has understood the importance of the time factor for the competitive struggle of the Empires. In a speech before the Russian Waldai discussion club, he declared in 2021, that in the coming years it will be decided who is the center of the world and who is the periphery. His policy of recent years makes it clear that he and his surroundings must have realized that this struggle is not to win on the economic field. With his rabbit oppression of any opposition inside, with his massive support for the oppression of the revolts in Belarus and Kazakhstan and his statement in January that Russia will not tolerate a revolution in the post-Soviet area, he had clearly expressed his willingness to escalate violence both inside and outside.
22128	80	Whether the long-term economic weakness of Russia, for which the character of the Putin regime itself is mainly responsible, in the background of the time factor formed the last, decisive trigger for the attack war on Ukraine, cannot be answered definitively. But that it formed at least a substantial decision background and might have strongly driven the decision for the war, can be assumed as quite certain. For if Russia can’t become a great economic power for a long time, then only violence remains the means of being a great power. From the long-term economic weakness on the one hand and the great-Russian demand for world power on the other hand, the increasing aggression of the Putin regime’s policy is explained.
22128	82	But not alone! The faith deeply anchored in the ruling class of Russia and Putin himself in a historic mission of a great-Russian empire towards the “decadent West” always includes Ukraine. Not only for pseudo-historical reasons, but also because it is known that Russia without Ukraine is a great country, but not an empire. But the imperial dream is much greater.
22128	84	Putin’s claims that the violent annexation and colonization of the Baltic countries by the Soviet Union in the follow-up of the Hitler-Stalin Pact according to applicable international law also make nothing good for all the other peoples of the Russian-Soviet national prison who made themselves independent of Russia, like Moldova (the Zarist and Stalin’s rubbed Romanian-speaking Bessarabia) or Georgia in 1991. In addition, Adlatus Putin, Dmitry Medvedev, had announced at the time as president that Russia would have the right to intervene wherever ethnic Russians live. And this applies to all former Soviet republics, including those that are now members of the EU and NATO.
22128	86	The draft treaty submitted by Russia to the U.S. and NATO in December 2021, which demanded the re-development of NATO in Eastern Europe, more than clearly indicates that Russia, however, is seeking again control over the countries of the former Warsaw Treaty in Eastern Europe. The revisionist ambitions of the Russian neo-imperialism have the potential for further wars. But they are also the reasons for the fearful escape of these countries under the fitiches of the United States and the West. The limited possibilities for the Putin regime, through economic or even cultural hegemony, to its political objectives in the “near abroad” and in Eastern Europe, and its fear of mass movements make this regime so aggressive and dangerous.
22128	88	It is the highest time for the left in the West, finally to take into account the deeply reactionary and aggressive, the world’s most dangerous development of the Putin regime. Against this regime, there can be no neutrality for the left, which does not mean attacking the NATO. First of all, a socialist left must again become an independent political force with its own present-related draft for a new world order.22129
22129	3	The West has decided to put a further blow on Russia’s revenue and to ban gold exports. Four countries – the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada and Japan – have announced such an embargo. Germany and France showed their support for these sanctions, which were the result of the G7 meeting. However, they cannot solve them alone, as they have to discuss the issue with other EU members. Most likely, the EU’s imposition of a gold embargo on Russia is just a matter of time that will take to complete the formalities.
22129	5	"U.S. President Joe Biden said it would be a heavy blow to Russia’s foreign trade. U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said it concerned ""the second most luxurious export item that Russia has after energy."" The G7 country’s abandonment of gold imports from Russia would bring the country to a revenue of $19 billion a year, Blinken estimates."
22129	7	"According to data from 2021, Russia sold 301 tons at current prices worth $19 billion to foreign markets. According to analysts from Freedom Finance, the majority of Russian gold – 90 percent – was purchased from the United Kingdom last year for $15.4 billion (as London is the largest trading site for precious metals next to New York). Also in Europe, Russian gold was purchased from Switzerland for $422 million and from Germany for $318 million. In addition, gold was purchased at a total value of $1,134 billion from other importers from ""friendly"" countries."
22129	9	It is interesting that the collective West has so loudly announced a new blow against the Russian revenues, while in fact the ban on the trade of Russian gold in London will be delayed to March 2022.
22129	11	"""This happened when the London Precious Metals Association withdrew the international certification of Russian gold barren, when the barren was filled with the stamp that it meets the sample and is admitted to the international market. Since then, we have no longer delivered gold bars to Europe, Canada or the United States.”"
22129	13	says Alexei Wjazowski, Vice President of Gold Coin House.
22129	15	So why did the G7 countries do so much withdrawal about the formal imposition of sanctions?
22129	17	"First, it is an opportunity to give greater weight to the G7 meeting. It would be a ""shame"" for politicians not to mention the topic of Russia and not to punish Russia in any way. And finding a new punishment, which is loud, but does not further destroy the economy of the industrial countries, is no longer so easy."
22129	19	"Second, it could be a clever chess to punish other countries. ""Maybe such a statement was issued at the G7 level to put other countries under secondary sanctions,"" Wjazowski does not exclude."
22129	21	Given the formality of official sanctions, the attack on Russia may not be as serious as the US tries to represent it.
22129	23	On the one hand, the revenue from the goldexport is actually considerable. Even on weapons exports, Russia earns less – $13 billion in 2020. And yet, measured by the total income, this is not a critical proportion. Even the export of agro-industrial products summs to a much more significant amount of money – in 2021 it was $34 billion. And the total export revenues of Russia last year amounted to $498 billion. “In 2021, the budget revenue from gold exports would be approximately 7.57 percent, this year it would be approximately 5.35 percent if we take into account the changes in the dollar rate,” the analysts of Freedom Finance calculated.
22129	25	In addition, Russia has all opportunities to transfer its gold exports from the West to the East. by Wjazowski:
22129	27	“Russia is already experiencing a rise in gold trade with the Arab Emirates. New, we deliver massive gold bars to Dubai. India and China will soon join.”
22129	29	Dubai has probably become a trade point for gold from Russia, where it can be purchased by anyone who wants it.
22129	31	The expert draws a parallel to the sale of Russian oil, where India suddenly became the main buyer. The Indians buy Russian oil with a discount of about $30 on the world market price and then can use it for their own needs or sell it to others at the market price and thus make money.
22129	33	Wjazowski is confident that India and China – the two largest consumers of gold – will also become active buyers of Russian gold, just like the United Arab Emirates:
22129	35	“For our eyes, the destruction of global trade is taking place. Even China is worried and has begun to sell its dollar reserves because it understands that even these, should be something, can be easily blocked. And the gold is stored at home, it is threatened by nothing. Second, India and China are the main manufacturers and consumers of jewellery.”
22129	37	That’s why Russian gold will find a new buyer, most likely on the other side of the “baricades”.
22129	39	“In our today’s world, it’s really very difficult to prohibit something. Russia accounts for 10 percent of the world’s gold production. Gold is a liquid currency. Once the money ceases to work, the gold will continue to work. The water will always find a way.”
22129	41	Summary of the Vice President of Golden Mint confident.
22129	43	Dmitri Puchkaryev, an exchange expert at BCS World Investments, points to other opportunities:
22129	45	Another way to mitigate the impact on the gold industry is to boost the central bank’s reserves through increased gold purchases. If the regulatory authority decides to increase the purchases of gold on the domestic market, this could strongly support the industry.”
22129	47	"If the government reintroduces the ""budget rule"", it would be logical to use the agreements from the oil and natural gas trade (and the prices still rise there) to buy gold and yuan instead of the ""unaccessible"" dollars and euros."
22129	49	As for the price of gold, there is no clear answer to whether the prices will rise in light of the official ban. First, the announced embargo to the G7 countries is rather formal and symbolic. Secondly, there is the suspicion that the price of gold is now being artificially suppressed. Alexey Wjazowski says:
22129	51	“In 2020, a historic record of $2,000 per fine unce was set. We are now near him. However, it is obvious that the price of gold is manipulated by the central banks of the industrial countries. There is a silent agreement that does not allow gold to rise above a certain level so that it does not become a competitor of the Fiat currencies that the central banks of the developed countries can print in unlimited amounts. Once this level is reached, they sell massively gold from their treasures, which pushes the price down.
22129	53	Moreover, manipulations over the “paper” gold are possible – derivatives, futures, etc. I’m skeptical about these manipulations, but how long they’ll still succeed in cheating the market, the time will show. But they will not be able to deceive forever.”
22129	55	A prediction of the price of gold is therefore quite difficult:
22129	57	"""If we theoretically assume that the Russian Central Bank will announce the conversion of oil dollars or overall trade into gold, the prices will rise like a rocket, up to $7,000 or even $10,000 per ounce. And that will not be the border,” says Wjazowski."
22129	59	With regard to domestic demand, the Russian government has abolished the 13 percent income tax and the 20 percent VAT on gold barrel sales by the end of 2023, so that people can invest their savings in gold.
22129	61	A boom of buying physical gold by the population was observed in March when VAT was abolished. A second followed after the end of income tax, but now no new demand can be observed, according to Freedom Finance.
22129	63	“The turnover in the sales of gold bars has increased, but a significant increase cannot be spoken. A lot has been done, but there is still a lot to do. For example, legal persons should not trade in gold. People cannot act with each other as well. You can sell the barrels only to banks, and these are very restraining when it comes to the return, it is required to be examined by experts, etc. There is still a lot of work to do in this direction.”
22129	65	by Wjazowski.
22129	67	It should not be forgotten that the gold mining operators already have the choice whether to sell to the foreign country or to the Russian central bank. First, the Russian central bank will buy gold with a 15% discount on the market price. Second, they pay in rubles. However, gold miners need to pay back foreign currency loans and buy imported equipment, so they need exchange income.
22129	69	For gold mining operators it might be difficult to restruct their business, which is focused on London, the center of global gold trade.
22129	71	“Sanctions on gold could prove sensitive to the industry, as the majority of the metal supplied in Russia – more than 80 percent in 2021 – will be exported,” Puchkaryev said. According to his words, all Russian gold mining companies could be forced to sell gold with a drop, he said. The company Polyus would be in a better position as the share of export revenues in 2021 was less than two percent. Polymetal, however, achieved approximately 12 percent of the revenue from exports to the EU in 2012 and a total of 56 percent from sales outside Russia.
22129	73	The main foreign market was Kazakhstan with 35 percent of the total income. It is still unclear how Kazakhstan will react to the imposition of sanctions by the G7 countries and possibly the EU. On the other hand, according to Puchkaryev, the impact of the sanctions could be reduced by the fact that polymetal diversified its production on silver.
22129	75	Russia’s fourth-largest gold mountain plant, Petropawlowsk, has already problems. In the middle of May, the company failed to pay 12.36 million dollars in Eurobonds on time. Previously, the company had failed to refund a loan to the Gazprom Bank. The thing is that the gold mining company is registered in the UK, but had a loan from the Gazprom bank, which was placed on the UK sanctions list at the end of March. As a result, Petropawlowsk was unable to transfer money to a Russian bank to refund the loan.
22129	77	Translated from Russian
22129	79	RT DE strives for a wide spectrum of opinions. Guest contributions and opinion articles do not need to reflect the view of the editor.
22129	81	"More on the topic - ""Respect-oriented shipping"": Moscow estimates on Western gold import sanctions"
22129	83	"By blocking RT, the EU aims to keep a critical, non-prowestern source of information silent. Not just about the Ukrainian war. Access to our website has been complicated, several social media have blocked our accounts. It is now on us all whether in Germany and the EU a journalism beyond the mainstream narrative can continue to be operated. If you like our articles, share them wherever you are active. This is possible because the EU has not prohibited our work or reading and sharing our articles. Notes: However, Austria has amended the ""Audiovisual Media Service Act"" on 13. April introduces an amendment in this regard, which may also affect individuals. For this reason we ask you not to share our contributions on social media in Austria until the fact is clear."
2213	1	NATO is home alone
2213	3	If we do not buy Russian oil, it will be bad and Putin has to shut it away. As far as Leonore Gewessler from the Greens (who else). The Russians are evil and disguised without our money.
2213	5	Of course, it can also be that instead the Chinese buy it. The Brazilians. Or the South Africans. The Thai. For the countries that imposed sanctions on Russia are largely identical to the NATO (without Turkey!) Plus their Pacific allies South Korea, Taiwan and Japan (but there are only sanctions).
2213	7	Central & Latin America, Africa, Asia, the overwhelming majority of the planet, does not participate in the war NATO (represented by Ukraine) against Russia. Or they’re all listening to the Russians, and I’d be surprised by NATO member Turkey or Israel. The largest democracy in the world, India. Or the story that our government media tells us shows only one side of the medal. It is propaganda. and desinformation.
2213	9	For the history of the war of evil Russia, dictatorial and corrupt, against the morally superior Ukraine, democratic and good, it is not true in this uncertainty. There has been a long war in Ukraine, but it has never been interested in anyone.
2213	11	In July 2019, a member of the Ukrainian Kultschyzkyj Battalion, Witalij Markiw, was sentenced to 24 years in prison for murder. He was killed in the Donbass, near the city of Slovakia, by the Italian photographer Andrea Rocchelli. The Russian translator was also killed. Rocchelli had documented the lives of the civilian population in Donbass (and was posthumed by Azov supporters as a terrorist). The images show the same misery that is now presented to us by government media. Only then Russian-speaking Ukrainians were the victims, i.e. NATO and the West.
2213	13	"The murder of civilians by the Ukrainian military or “volunteer battalions” is also happening now. Still yet. As on the 01. March 2022 Volodymyr Struk, the mayor of the city of Kreminna, was shot and shot by men in the Tarnfleck, said the Ukrainian government employee Anton Gerashchenko, a counselor of the Interior Minister, with the words ""a traitor less in Ukraine"". Struk was not anti-Russian enough."
2213	15	This is explicitly not to disrupt or justify the action of the Russian military.
2213	17	I just want to show that the black/white story of the battle of good against evil is so wrong. In Ukraine, our democracy is also not defended, it is a corrupt oligarchy that for years led a civil war against a part of its population. And now it is in conflict with a more powerful oligarchy. The interests of the Ukrainian oligarchs are not worth the risk of a nuclear war. Or the destruction of the European economy and thus the base of existence of the population.
2213	19	Even the people of Ukraine are not served on their ground with a NATO-Russia sub-representative war. You pay for these power games with your life. In my opinion, the only solution is the departure of the mainly Russian-speaking territories of Eastern Ukraine as well as the Crimea to Russia and a neutrality of the West Ukraine according to Swiss pattern.
2213	21	I am not a weapon enemy. I am even in favor of we are very strongly armed. In order to avoid conflict, potential aggressors should know what they expect. But if a conflict is broken out, it should be terminated as soon as possible. A total victory of Ukraine will be rather unlikely despite NATO support. There is a negotiation solution. So why should more people die before this solution is found?
2213	23	But for this, the war of Ukraine is wonderfully suitable to remove from an elaboration of the corona “measures” and the deadly side effects of the injection. Or the planned social credit systems that will be as voluntary as the participation in the corona injection and their currency will be called obedience.
22131	1	Former British Chief General Richard Dannatt: Donbass will be Russian forever
22131	3	Former British Chief General General Richard Dannatt expressed confidence that the Russian armed forces would inevitably occupy the DNR and the LNR and that the Ukrainians would not be able to “distribute” them from there.
22131	5	“The world can order Russia to leave the Donbass, but the Russians will not go and no one can force them to do so,” former British Chief General Richard Dannatt told Sky News.
22132	3	Experts have warned of a drastic global rise in oil prices, as the Canadian economic news agency BNN Bloomberg. Analysts from JPMorgan Chase & Co. said prices could reach up to $380 per barrel – almost four times the current level – if Moscow decided to respond to the sanctions imposed by the United States and European States with countermeasures such as a production or export stop.
22132	5	Currently, the G7 member states are working on a complicated procedure to limit the revenue that Moscow can get with oil from Russian funds. Thus they want to attack the revenue of Moscow and thus the ability to finance the Russian military. In a report to JPMorgan Chase customers, however, analyst Natascha Kanewa warned that the financial situation in Moscow is so stable that the Russian government could allow itself to limit its daily oil production by up to five million barrels, without having to be afraid of greater damage to its own economy.
22132	7	Economists also warned that such a price rise would have catastrophic consequences for the rest of the world. If Russia dropped its oil production by three million barrels, it would drive the prices to $190, while in the worst case – if the production dropped by five million barrels a day – the prices could even rise to $380.
22132	9	The analysts wrote:
22132	11	“The most obvious and likely risk at a price limit is that Russia could decide not to participate and instead exercise compensation by reducing exports. It is likely that the government, as a reward measure, could throw down production to add pain to the West. The tension on the global oil market is in favor of Russia.”
22132	13	More on the topic – Gas supply: City union sees urban works ahead of existence crisis
22132	15	"By blocking RT, the EU aims to keep a critical, non-prowestern source of information silent. Not just about the Ukrainian war. Access to our website has been complicated, several social media have blocked our accounts. It is now on us all whether in Germany and the EU a journalism beyond the mainstream narrative can continue to be operated. If you like our articles, share them wherever you are active. This is possible because the EU has not prohibited our work or reading and sharing our articles. Notes: However, Austria has amended the ""Audiovisual Media Service Act"" on 13. April introduces an amendment in this regard, which may also affect individuals. For this reason we ask you not to share our contributions on social media in Austria until the fact is clear."
22133	1	Macron: “Destruction of Russia is not the goal”
22133	3	"At the beginning of this month, the French broadcaster France 2 broadcast the documentary entitled ""Un president, l'Europe et la guerre"" (A president, Europe and the war), which illuminates Emmanuel Macron's foreign policy and in particular his negotiations with the Russian president. The film was directed by French journalist Guy Lagache, who accompanied Macron and his team over the past six months."
22133	5	In a scene where the French head of state returns in a train from Kiev, he explained that talks with Vladimir Putin are necessary to prevent the conflict in Ukraine from expanding even more. Macron condemned the Anglo-Saxon politicians that they openly expressed their desire to destroy Russia. This is not the goal, Macron said, instead we must “help Ukraine to win” and “not fight against Russia, unless destroy it.”
22133	7	Macron has previously been criticized by several state and government leaders for being in contact with the Russian president. While condemning the war in Ukraine and supporting EU sanctions against Moscow, the French president has been calling Vladimir Putin several times since February. These calls obviously did not bring Ukraine closer to peace, but Macron rewarded Tadel of Kiev supporters. Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki accused Macron of talking to a man he compared to Hitler.
22133	9	"Despite the practical similarity between Macron’s approach and that of his U.S. and UK officials, who all supply Kiev with weapons and munitions, there is a clear difference in the rhetoric between France and the Anglo-Saxon world. While U.S. President Joe Biden accused Russia of committing a “genocide” in Ukraine, Macron warned the West of getting around with such burdened terms. He also rejected claims from Kiev to declare Russia a “sponsor of terrorism.” And while U.S. Defense Minister Lloyd Austin described the conflict in Ukraine as an opportunity to ""leave Russia weakened back,"" Macron said the West should not humiliate Russia to one day enable a peace agreement."
22133	11	"British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has compared Putin to a crocodile and repeatedly rejected the idea of peace talks with Moscow. Macron, on the other hand, said that European politicians should ""respect Russia as a country and as a Russian people."" He argues that “there will be no permanent peace” if Russia does not advocate for a peace architecture on the European continent."
22133	13	"Nevertheless, Macron stood on the side of his G7 colleagues and declared willing to support the Ukrainian military ""as long as necessary"". After he had rejected rumors that he allegedly proposed to Ukraine to exchange country against peace with Russia, Macron is now insisting that “Ukraine will decide when the conditions are met to create peace.”"
22133	15	Russian President Vladimir Putin has accused European politicians of sacrificing their own economies in recent weeks, claiming that they would “do economic suicide under the pressure of their American master.”
22133	17	"More on the topic - ""Where did your lawyer study?"" How Macron tried to sell Putin a dead cat"
22134	1	Russia continues to find consumers for its oil
22134	3	Western oil sanctions prove to be owners
22134	5	Anyone who has invented the sanctions in the Selenski worship association named the EU, one thing is clear: it’s not a intelligent strategy. Let’s look at the oil. It should no longer be introduced by the West, so Washington, London and Brussels want to remove Moscow from one of its main waves of life. The U.S. and Canada have banned imports of Russian oil. Britain plans to give up oil from Russia by the end of 2022. The EU’s sixth sanctions package also predicts the expansion of oil imports from Russia by the end of the year. However, Moscow does not export as much raw oil as it has long been.
22134	7	The shooting goes backwards: Russia supplies more raw oil than before. It shows that Russian oil continues to find its buyers, because Asian countries in total take more Russian oil than before the invasion of Ukraine through the sea. There are also widespread ways for delivery.
22134	9	According to the data of the Finnish non-governmental organization Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air (Crea), in the first 100 days since the invasion of Ukraine, Russia earns about 46 billion euros with the export of raw oil and about 93 billion euros with the export of all fossil fuels.
22134	11	In April and May, the quantity of raw oil transported through the sea from Russia is 3.3 million fases per day. This is as high as last in June 2019. Imports in northwestern Europe have decreased significantly. However, this is more than balanced by increased Russian exports to South and Southeast Europe, India, China and Turkey.
22134	13	Why is it so? Nowadays, the consumers see one major advantage: Russian oil is cheap. The Russian raw oil ural is more than $34 per fass cheaper than the oil of the Baltic Sea sort Brent. This is based on the reference price for the global oil market. Ural costs 30 percent less than Brent. Usually the price gap is much smaller. It adds that the supply of oil is currently tensioned and the refinery markets are high. It’s simple: buying Russian oil is worth it in many cases.
22134	15	Russia profits excessively. Although time-to-time exports for raw oil and oil products have decreased: Due to the strongly rising world oil market price, Russia will earn more than a year earlier in May 2022, as a analysis from Crea shows.
22134	17	In particular, India is a good customer of the Kremlin: the Indian refineries take before the 24. In February, about one percent of the Russian raw oil exports decreased, and in May 2022, according to Crea, it is already set 18 percent. An important buyer is the world’s largest refinery Jamnagar on the West Coast of India, in May approximately 27 percent of the deliveries come from Russia, a month before it is just five percent.
22134	19	The Russian oil supplies to India have more than slowed since the invasion of Ukraine. But the country that purchases most Russian oil remains China. About 800,000 fases per day are transported by pipeline. Chinese companies are increasing shipping supplies.
22134	21	The EU countries have not missed this. But the West is facing a dilemma: When the sanctions come late and weak, they are ineffective. But if the measures take effect, the global oil market price will rise, which will end up feeling companies and citizens at the gas station.
22135	1	Secret NATO report via Wikileaks showed miserable Russian armed forces seeking tactical nuclear weapons
22135	3	In 2009, a total of 33,000 Russian soldiers were trained in the “Ladoga 2009” and “Zapad 2009” maneuveres, but the case turned to a complete fiasko: Nothing worked as hoped, and one was only able to make relatively small scars without the use of smaller, so-called “taktical” nuclear weapons.
22135	5	WikiLeaks has published NATO’s secret assessment:
22135	7	“The exercise demonstrated that Russia has limited capabilities for joint operations with the air force and continues to be dependent on old and defective equipment.”
22135	9	Exactly these weaknesses appeared now in 2022 in Ukraine, where, according to the standard action of an invasion, an extensive air weapons campaign was expected in collaboration with the ground struggle forces. Once the “air height” is achieved, almost every goal of the enemy can be shot. Instead, however, there was little to see from the Russian aircraft and no great coordination, as it is practiced constantly by the U.S. for example.
22135	11	According to the NATO report, the Russians could not operate at any weather, there was a lack of strategic transportation capabilities. Logistics was still a disaster in Ukraine in 2022. Russia is “not able to respond to two smaller conflicts in different places at the same time” and is “not able to do large conventional operations”.
22135	13	In 2014, weapons production of Ukrainian enterprises was dropped due to an export embargo. Although Russia then managed to capture the Crimea and parts of Eastern Ukraine, it was yet possible to see in 2022 that only 200,000 people were ordered to capture a country that is as big as France. The ammunition deposits are quite empty and sub-production is slow.
22135	15	NATO observers noted that “Russia continues to remain dependent on the use of tactical nuclear weapons, even in local and regional conflicts.” The Russian exercise in the surrounding area of Leningrad was aimed at removing a simulated attack from Poland and Lithuania, including with the help of tactical nuclear weapons. The idea that Poland and Lithuania attack Russia is, of course, absolutely ridiculous.
22135	17	Estonia was quite concerned and referred to the strictly secret NATO document MC-161, according to which “Russia will continue to test the reliability and cohesion of the Alliance.”
22135	19	scratch of depice
22135	21	In 2010, Wikileaks published a mountain of secret embassy records, from which it can be read that Americans are necessarily looking for a “re-start” in their relations with Russia. Protests from countries such as Poland have been blocked.
22135	23	“Russian media and officials are concerned about the comments of Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski on the 4th. November before the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington,
22135	25	It is said in the depice.
22135	27	“In particular, they called upon Sikorsky’s request that U.S. military forces should be on the site in Poland to ‘protect against Russian aggression.’”
22135	29	In the meantime, it is obvious that the United States is raising its military presence in Poland. The Neostalinist ideology and the Russian military offensive in Georgia are big questions, Sikorski said. It is questionable how the United States would comply with its obligation to defend NATO members in accordance with Article 5 of the Washington Treaty.
22135	31	“There is the latest exercise with the subtle name Zapad-2009 at the Polish border, the largest Russian military exercise at the NATO border since the fall of communism, with 900 tanks and the launch of three nuclear-capable tactical medium-range missiles.”
22135	33	Sikorsky said. For conventional warfare in a larger style, the military of Russia was too weak, as NATO stated, but it was still the nuclear option. However, it is unlikely that the U.S. will defend Poland by nuclear means, since the Defence Alliance has core members and second-class members. Sikorski then saw the danger that Poland would become a farmer’s victim by the Americans describing the country in a serious case as a loss.
22135	35	“NATO planners always said God created Poland for the tank war,” he said. “These tanks that trained were 250 kilometers flat ground away from our capital. ...
22135	37	“As Zbig Brzezinski said (and he was not the only): What Germany really calmed during the Cold War, for example, was not article 5, which is known to be quite vague, but the presence of 300,000 American soldiers in Germany,” said Mr. Sikorski.
22136	1	Archbishop Viganò: Governors want the destruction of the peoples!
22136	3	In an interview with the publicist predecessor Steve Bannon, the fearless fighter Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò speaks of an onotologically conditioned failure of the Great Reset, as it was inspired by unhuman and devil principles. We must confront the divine model of a dystopian society of honesty, loyalty, honesty and fear of God, so his call! The current church leaders he calls chairs and traitors.
22136	5	Your excellence, after the psychopandemia we now have the Russian-Ukrainian crisis. Are we in the “Phase Two” of a single project, or can we now see the Covid Farce as ended and deal with the rise of energy prices?
22136	7	If in the last two years we had to do with a real pandemic caused by a deadly virus for which there were no other remedies except a vaccine, we could believe that the emergency was not intended. However, this is not the case: the SARS-CoV-2 virus is nothing but a seasonal flu that could have been cured with the existing methods of treatment and an effective prevention based on strengthening the immune defence. The ban of treatments, the discreditation of the effectiveness of drugs that have been used for decades, the decision to accommodate older people who are sick in nursing houses, and the introduction of experimental gender therapy that has not only proved ineffective but also harmful and often fatal – all this confirms us that the pandemic was planned and controlled with the aim of causing the greatest possible damage. This is a fact that was detected and confirmed by the official data, although these data were systematically falsified.
22136	9	Certainly, those who wanted to control the pandemic in this way are not ready to give up easily now, even because they are behind all the billion-strong interests. But what “they” want, doesn’t always have to happen.
22136	11	The same response to pandemic worldwide
22136	13	Did the pandemic, in your opinion, be handled by uncertainty, such excellence? Or was it about the corruption of the responsible who are in an interest conflict because they are paid by the pharmaceutical industry?
22136	15	This is the second element to be considered: the reaction to the pandemic was the same everywhere in the world: the health authorities slavely adjusted to the health protocols that contradicted scientific literature and medical findings, and instead followed the instructions of self-known “experts” known for their sensational failure, their apocalyptic, completely real-world predictions and their serious conflicts of interests. We can’t believe that millions of doctors around the world have lost their basic medical knowledge and believe that a flu should grow into a pneumonia and then be treated with Tachypirin or connect the patients to a healing device. If they have done this, then because of the pressure – up to the persecution – of the health authorities on the medical staff, with the help of a scandalous campaign of media terrorism and with the support of Western leaders. Most of these leaders are members of a lobby – the World Economic Forum – which has trained and placed them at the highest levels of national and international institutions to be sure that the governors are weak. Klaus Schwab has, in many occasions, openly acclaimed that he is able to interfere even with religious leaders. These are also documented facts in all countries that have followed the guidelines of the WHO and the pharmaceutical companies. There is clearly a single script under one director: this proves the existence of a criminal plan and the evilness of its authors.
22136	17	Silent coup since the 1990s
22136	19	In some of your other statements you talked about a “golpe bianco” (a “stable push”).
22136	21	A “silent coup” is a state strike that takes place without the use of violence and is carried out by a government that exercises its power in an unconstitutional way.
22136	23	In this case, the coup was carried out in all Western countries almost simultaneously, starting in the early 1990s. In Italy, this strike began with the sale of companies in which it was invested, and the privatization of services that normally burden the state cash, such as: health and transport, and according to the instructions of the high finance, Mario Draghi on 2. In June 1992, he was on the hunt Britannia. Yes, Mario Draghi, who at the time was the Director-General of the Ministry of Finance and whom the then President of the Italian Republic, Francesco Cossiga, called a “fair businessman.” In other countries, this breakthrough took place in an analogue way, with a series of gradual transfers of sovereignty to supranational institutions such as the European Commission, the European Central Bank, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. With the introduction of the euro, the monetary sovereignty was removed to the states that have joined the Maastricht Treaty and transferred to the European Central Bank, which is a private bank. This bank decides on the interest rate with which it finances the national budgets, with the money that the same countries have already given them. In practice, the European Central Bank requires interest on money, which it returns only one penny, and that only under certain conditions: reforms, public expenditure cuts, the introduction of laws to promote gender equality, abortion law, child indoctrination, etc. The introduction of a balanced budget into the constitution – as if the state was a company – was also part of the silent coup.
22136	25	All members of these bodies, including the same governors who were appointed on the recommendation of unelected powers or were able to win elections thanks to the manipulation of information, are at the same time servants of high-financial corporations or large investment funds – some were their employees, such as Draghi of Goldman Sachs – others became employees after the end of their term. Just like the pharmaceutical authorities and health organizations are made up of former BigPharma employees who often receive consultation contracts and are paid by the pharmaceutical companies they actually intend to keep in mind.
22136	27	Until the pandemic occurred, the power in practice was at least formally still administered by the individual states, and the laws were passed by the parliaments. But for two years the parliaments have been shaped, and all those who have succeeded in bringing the World Economic Forum and other lobbies to the top of governments and international institutions have begun to adopt laws against the Constitution and the interests of the nation, they obey the orders that are given to them from above – “from the markets,” as they tell us – which in fact consist of a very small number of multinational corporations, dissolve the competing companies, destroy the professional skills with the damage to the quality of the product and decrease the protection and wages of workers thanks to the complexity of the trade unions and the links.
22136	29	In short, we are governed by a high command of developers and speculants, from Bill Gates, who invests in large-scale in the evening of the food crisis or in vaccines shortly before the pandemic outbreak, to George Soros, who speculates with the currencies and government bonds and, together with Hunter Biden, finances a biolabor in Ukraine.
22136	31	Believing that there is no connection between the founders of these crimes and those that execute them at the highest levels of national governments, the EU and the UN is a sign of uncertainty, because even a child could understand that we are considered hostages by a group of ideologically distinctive and morally corrupt technocrates. The peoples of the world have to recover their sovereignty that has been usurped by the globalist elite.
22136	33	Governors want the destruction of the peoples
22136	35	The founders of this crime are proud at the Davos Forum, at the meetings of the Trilateral Commission or the Bilderberg Group together with the governors, the prime ministers, the directors of newspapers and television shows, the CEOs of Social Bankers and the directors of social platforms and multinational corporations, the bankers and the directors of rating agencies, the presidents of foundations and self-educated philanthropists. They are all pursuing the same agenda – they publish on their websites – and are so convinced of their own power that they confirm without punishment – as Soros and Schwab have recently done – that it is necessary to create a narrative that is spread through the mainstream media to make their decisions acceptable for the people. Censorship and mass manipulation are used by them as an instrument regni, and that we have experienced both in the pandemic farce and in the pro-Zelensky propaganda in Ukraine.
22136	37	We must understand that our rulers are the traitors of our nation, who have committed themselves to the destruction of the people, and that all their actions are aimed at causing the greatest harm to the citizens. This is not the problem of uncertainty or incapacity, but the intentio nocendi – the intentional intention to hurt. Honest citizens find it unimaginable that those who govern them do this with the perverse intention to undermine and destroy them, so they find it difficult to believe it. The main cause of this serious problem lies in the corruption of authority and the resigned obedience of the rulers.
22136	39	Church leaders chairs and traitors
22136	41	The Catholic Church has also experienced the same cognitive dissonance, starting with the revolution of the Second Vatican Council and especially during the last nine years of the Bergoglian “Pontificate”: the believers and the clergy have succeeded in obeying purely cynical officials – who are not less corrupt and perverse than their pendants in the deep state – although it was obvious that the objective of the alleged “reforms” was always the systematic destruction of the Church by their highest leaders, who are clergy and traitors. And I notice that the deep Church has applied to the same false arguments to hide the doctrinal, moral and liturgical dissolution: first of all, the false claim that these reforms were demanded “from ground” and were not forced by force from above. Like the reforms planned by the World Economic Forum, the Bilderberg Group and the Trilateral, they are adopted by their infiltrators at the highest levels of nations and international organizations, and they seem to be ratified by the people’s approval.
22136	43	Difference Between Obedience and Obedience
22136	45	And what do you advise, your excellence, to get out of this baggass?
22136	47	Respect for authority is born to the civilized man, but it is necessary to distinguish between obedience and submissivity. See, every virtue consists of the fair means between two opposite loads, without being a compromise, but also to say as the summit between two valleys. The disobedience sins by agging too short by not to submit itself to a good command of a legitimate authority; the subordination sins by exaggeration by submitting itself to orders issued by an unjust or unlawful authority. The good citizen should know how not to obey the civil authority, and the good Catholic should do the same with the church authority by not obeying when the authority demands obedience to an unfair order.
22136	49	Land authority is always subject to the royal authority of the Lord.
22136	51	Does this speech not seem to you a little revolutionary, excellence?
22136	53	Lots is missing. The anarchists and the cavaliers both have a distorted idea of authority: one denies them, the other denies them. The just means is the only moral way, because it corresponds to the order that the Lord of the world has established and that the heavenly hierarchy respects. We owe the legitimate authority to the extent of obedience in which it exercises its power for the purposes for which it was employed by God: the timely good of citizens in the case of the state and the spiritual good of believers in the case of the Church. A authority that imposes evil on its subjects is unlawful and its orders are invalid. Let us not forget that the true Lord, from whom all authority comes, is God, and that the earth authority – both the civil and the spiritual – is always representative, that is, that it is subordinated to the authority of Jesus Christ, the King and the High Priest. Placing the representative authority of rulers in place of the royal authority of the Lord is a mad gesture and – yes – revolutionary and rebellious.
22136	55	The elite wants to build a totalitarian regime through high trait and subversion.
22136	57	What does the elite do? It promises us peace, security, prosperity and work, but currently there are more than fifty armed conflicts in the world; our cities are uninhabited, full of criminals, falling down, and are dominated by minorities of different people.
22136	59	This is the third undisputed element that cannot be overlooked: the pandemic was planned as an instrument for the establishment of a totalitarian regime designed by unelected technocrates without any sense of democratic representation.
22136	61	The same happens with the Ukraine crisis: the majority of citizens are absolutely not for sending weapons to Ukraine and imposing sanctions against the Russian Federation, and yet the government leaders do as if they had the full support of their own nations, supported by angry falsifications of reality by the mainstream media. And in some countries such as Italy this happens in a situation of annoying complicity of all state powers, both in the legitimation of the infringement of fundamental rights within the framework of the Anti-Kovid regulations and in the ratification of the participation in a conflict, although the Italian Parliament has never advised about entering this conflict and which even the President of the Republic, the guarantor of the Constitution, approves and promotes under the help of the European Technocrates. Even in this case, the rulers do not obey the will of the people and do not pursue the common good, but follow orders given to them by supranational figures with their own, known to be subversive interests.
22136	63	When they talk about the “transformation of goods into services” and the “sharing economy” through the digital sector, they want to tell the citizens of their private property: “You will have nothing and you will be happy.” But as not all countries are ready to join this “reset”, they force them to do so by provoking economic crises, pandemies and wars. This is subversion and subversion.
22136	65	The deliberately character of this breakthrough is obvious, as well as the awareness of the catastrophic consequences of social, economic and health decisions that have been made in relation to both the pandemic and the Ukrainian crisis. A head of state told him months before Putin’s military operation in Ukraine that NATO and the European Union are intentionally provoking the Russian Federation after ignoring the ethnic purification of Kiev over the years against the Russian-speaking minority in Donbass and in Crimea. The objective of this provocation was to dissolve a conflict that should serve as a prejudice to legitimate the imposition of sanctions against the Russian Federation and to force the Western states to initiate the “green transition”. At the same time, the economy of nations should be attracted to the benefit of some less international investment funds and market speculations. Essentially, the same premises are introduced with which the Enclosure Acts in England and later the Holodomor in Ukraine were justified to transform the farmer masses into cheap labour for the industrialization of the major cities. To avoid a war, NATO would not be allowed to be extended uncontractually, and the protection of the Russian-speaking minority in Ukraine would have to be guaranteed, as required by the 2014 Minsk Protocol.
22136	67	If this has not happened, it is because the true purpose they wanted to has nothing to do with the apparent purpose they have announced publicly. And I realize that these are not abstract speculations, but concrete facts that the theorists of the Great Reset have predicted and planned decades ago to force a social change that no one wants, and to restart the economy and finance of the western world from the ground to the ground – just as a computer is restarted.
22136	69	The fact that this leads to misery, bankruptcy, business failure, unemployment, social instability, and the increased gap between poor and wealth, the decrease in birth rates and the decrease in essential services, is regarded as a negligible detail, with it merely about indoctrinating the masses with false arguments that advocate a war or control over every detail of the life of the people, where everyone who is the other opinion is criminalized and dismissed as the enemy of the people. It seems to me that this narrative falls below the weight of the lies of the elite and its complices.
22136	71	Social Engineering through Immigration and Crucifixion
22136	73	Can you give us an example, your excellence?
22136	75	The most obvious example is the discovery that Richard Kalergi, one of the founders of the European Union, wanted to conduct a policy of social engineering aimed at changing the European national societies through immigration and crucifixion by advancing the migration waves with the attractiveness of cheaper workers. The malicious rigidity with which the waves of illegal immigrants will continue to be welcomed, even if the effects of this phenomenon on the security of cities, the general crime rate and the identity of national populations are obvious, shows that the original plan was mostly realised and that measures must be taken to prevent it from being completed.
22136	77	But these are not random events: they told us.
22136	79	They are completely right: what surprised me is with what unfriedness the 2030 Agenda supporters have long been telling us in advance what criminal projects they want to force us against our will; despite these evidence, there are those who wonder that after years of unbeatable infiltration they actually realize their plans before our eyes, while they accuse us of being “theorists of disintegration.” There is definitely a conspiracy, but those who have to be brought before the trial are those who have done them, not those who attack them.
22136	81	Joe Biden throws the responsibility for the crisis Vladimir Putin in the shoes. Do you agree with this assessment?
22136	83	The Americans are very well aware that the price of petrol has risen long before the Russian-Ukrainian crisis and has continued to rise due to the – actual or alleged – sanctions of the international community against the Russian Federation. Today we know that the sanctions – as it was predictable – have not affected Putin at the least, but the motivation behind it is that they should meet the Western nations and especially the European nations to provoke an economic and energy crisis that should legitimize ecological transformation, races, population control and censorship of information.
22136	85	Putin has not engaged in the provocations of the deep state and has limited himself to intervene only to the extent necessary to provide security and protection to the Russian-speaking Donbass. And he collapsed the Azovstal steel plant, in which one of the secret American biolabors was housed, where bacteriological weapons were produced and experiments with SARS-CoV-2 were carried out. On the other hand, the Biden family had a great interest in conducting a war in Ukraine, to hide the corruption cases in which Hunter Biden was involved, and to get rid of the threatening scandals that disappear against Obama and Hillary Clinton for Russiagates and against the deep state for the election fraud against Trump.
22136	87	The US Deputy War against the Russian Invasion is in fact a war of the deep state against a nation that has refused to be accepted by the foolish concepts of the globalistic technocrates, and today has evidence of the crimes of the deep state. But while the EU can press the European nations by linking the payment of funds and loans to the implementation of “reforms” – since these nations have only a limited monetary and tax sovereignty – the same does not apply to Russia, which is a sovereign and independent nation and supplies itself with raw materials, energy and agricultural food.
22136	89	The hegemonial left
22136	91	Is this bipolar vision that regains the confrontation between the US and the USSR from the Cold War no longer valid?
22136	93	The hegemonial left has introduced a manic division between good and evil: left against right, liberalism against fascism, globalism against sovereignism, vaccines against no-vax. The “good” are obviously the left: liberal but solidary, globalistic, integrative, ecumenical, resilient and sustainable. The “bad” are equally obviously patriots, Christians, rights, sovereigns and heterosexuals.
22136	95	Fusion of Liberalism and Collective Socialism
22136	97	What does the current structure of the Western countries differ from the past?
22136	99	The fusion of the worst of liberalism with the worst of collective socialism. Today, after two years of pandemic farce, we see how globalistic liberalism serves communist and dictatorial methods to end up with its Great Reset, and how the communist regimes apply liberal methods to enrich the upper branches of the party without losing total control over the population. This shows that the geopolitical balance is moving towards a multipolar vision and that the deep state-heated bipolarism is understood in decline.
22136	101	Is there any parallel to what is happening in the Catholic Church under the Pontificate of Jorge Mario Bergoglio?
22136	103	The deep church is, in a certain sense, a reversal of the deep state. For this reason, it should not be surprising that we are witnesses of the destruction of faith and morality in the name of ecumenism and synodality, where liberal errors are applied in theological field; and on the other hand the transformation of the Pope and the Roman Curie into a political office, in which the ecclesiastical authority is both absolute and disconnected from its loyalty to the Teacher, in accordance with the methods of the exercise of power in a dictatorship of communist design. The law is no longer based on justice, but on the convenience and benefit of those who apply it: it is enough to see how hard the Vatican deals with the clergy and the believers that are traditional, and on the other hand, with what insight the Vatican praises notorious abortion defenders (I think of Biden and Pelosi as the most noticeable cases) as well as the propagandists of LGBTQ ideology and gender theory. Also here, liberalism and communism have united to destroy the institution from inside, as it has happened in the civil sphere. But we know that contra legem fit, quod in fraudem legis fit – what the law surrounds is done against the law.
22136	105	Your excellence, what do you think, how things in the United States can change in the near future?
22136	107	The possible return of Donald Trump to the White House would enable real peace talks as soon as the deep state has been removed from the administration and government authorities. But the reconstruction will surely require the cooperation and the victims of all, as well as a solid spiritual vision that inspires the reconstruction of the social body. If all this was done through the proven election fraud in the last presidential election, Trump’s victory would be even more noticeable and would have a strong impact on the deep state’s denial in Europe and especially in Italy.
22136	109	In any case, the interim elections could give the Republicans a majority in the House of Representatives and in the Senate as soon as the servants of the deep state – including the “neoconservatives” – have been pushed out of office.
22136	111	The failure of the efforts to make Trump responsible for the farce of the attack on the Capitol should prevent the organizers – including Nancy Pelosi – from trying to repeat the scene next year, which would not only be a Déjà-vu, but would also turn into the grotesque.
22136	113	Great Reset condemned to failure
22136	115	Did the Great Reset fail? Can we sing a victory song?
22136	117	A victory song can only be singed when the war has been won. The Great Reset is ontologically condemned to fail because it is inspired by unhuman and devil principles. But his end, as inevitable it may be, may still take some time, depending on what we are able to counter it, and what is included in the plans of divine prejudice.
22136	119	If the Lord wants to give us a ceasefire, a time of peace, after we have understood how terrible the hell is on earth, which the enemies of God and of man seek, then we have to commit ourselves to rebuild – not to “better rebuild”, but exactly the opposite – yes, to rebuild what has been destroyed: the family, the bond of marriage, the moral education of the children, the love for our land, the devotion to the hard work and the brotherly neighborhood love, especially to the worthless and the most in need. We must reaffirm the holiness and inviolability of life from birth to natural death, defend the complementarity of the two gender against the madness of gender ideology, protect the children from destruction and guarantee the innocence they have the right to. We must finally leave the logic of profit – which is typical for the liberal mentality – behind us to reclaim the pride of fulfilling our duty, even if no one looks at us to professionally produce and sell what we make at an honest price. And we have to stop considering ourselves inferior only because someone has decided that there is something in his divine model of a dystopian society for which one must be ashamed to be honest, loyal, honest and divine. Instead, those who call for the killing of children and elderly people, the planned extermination of the population through malignant vaccine campaigns, mass sterilization, sodomy, pedophilia, and the most abrupt disturbances should be shameful.
22136	121	Only where Christ runs can there be true justice and true peace.
22136	123	Your Excellence, do you believe that the world can return to God?
22136	125	The world can and must return to God: this is a necessity that arises from the divine order that the Creator of Creation has manifested. She must return to God, for only where Christ runs there can be true justice and true peace. And the world can do this, but not in a collectivist or communist vision, in which the individual disappears in the mass, but in a personal and individual vision, in which each of us realizes from free pieces that nothing can be better than what our heavenly Father has prepared for us, as he loves us and wants us to share in his glory.
22136	127	When we all return to God, our nations will also recognize His rule and adapt their laws to His law. So let us pray that what the Psalmist sing becomes reality: Laudate Dominum omnes gentes; laudate eum omnes populi (Ps 116,1) - Praise the Lord, your nations, praise him, your people. Quoniam confirmata est super nos misericordia ejus; et veritas Domini manet in etternum (Ps 116,2) – For His mercy is confirmed over us, and the truth of the Lord remains forever.
22139	1	Russia continues to cover: U.S. uses deadly pathogens and cycles for research on Ukrainians
22139	3	Blood samples of Ukrainian war prisoners indicate their participation in the U.S. biological programs, said Igor Kirillov, head of the Russian armed forces for radiation, chemical and biological defense, in a briefing on Thursday. This is by the magazine “RT DE”.
22139	5	The results are as follows: 33 percent of the surveyed soldiers were infected with hepatitis A, more than four percent with kidney syndrome fever and 20 percent with West Nile fever. Since these diseases have been actively investigated by the Pentagon within the framework of Ukrainian projects, there is reason to assume that members of the Ukrainian army were involved as volunteers in experiments to evaluate the mortality of dangerous infectious diseases,” Kirillov said.
22139	7	In addition, the head of the armed forces
22139	9	Defense of radiation, chemicals and biological dangers
22139	11	The Pentagon has since 2005 for biological research in Ukraine more than 250
22139	13	He spent millions of dollars. According to Kirillov, the United States
22139	15	Ukrainian national collection of microorganisms taken over.
22139	17	"""A separate project on Ixodid cells, which are the transmitters of a series of highly dangerous infections such as Tularemia, West Nile Fever and Congo Crime Fever, was carried out by the University of Texas. The cecks were collected in the southeastern regions of Ukraine.”"
22139	19	The research points of the Bundeswehr also further covered Kirillov.
22139	21	at 20. May presented a investigative commission of the Russian Parliament, which shows and analyses documents about the work of U.S. biolaboratories in Ukraine, new data.
22139	23	Irina Jarowaja, co-chairman of the investigation committee, pointed out:
22139	25	“We see Ukraine as one of the sites of the great military-biological program for the production of bacteriological weapons, which is carried out by the United States of America.”
22139	27	According to the documents secured during the military operation in Ukraine, the United States had also introduced a system of complete control of the epidemiological situation in Ukraine.
22139	29	Irina Jarowaja said:
22139	31	“In Ukraine, with the support of the U.S. Defense Ministry, an online assessment system, i.e. a system of constant control of data collection and processing, was introduced. All the data were transferred to the National Center of the U.S. Department of Defense’s Medical Intelligence Service.”
22140	1	Wimbledon winner: Elena Rybakina, playing for Kazakhstan, is massively hostile because of Russian origin
22140	3	The deal with Russian athletes or artists once more shows how far one has been away in the western “world community” from the principles of the rule of law that were even natural until a few years ago. If it is so far that before the law all people are equal and that no one may be discriminated because of their origin or religion, then this is all now the snow of yesterday.
22140	5	Pöbel with “attitude” moved over Wimbledon winner
22140	7	Today there is again, as often in the past, a “father people” and it is obvious therefore a virtue to discriminate highly effectively against people of Russian origin. From history, these supreme morapostels have obviously learned nothing, and in this sense, the winner of the tennis tournament in Wimbledon was born in Russia:
22140	9	“She lives in Moscow, her parents live in Moscow... she’s a Russians!”, the Pöbel scanded as the Daily Mail. Angry tennis fans get funny about the Wimbledon ban for Russian players after the Moscow-born Elena Rybakina won her first Grand Slam title at the Centre Court.
22140	11	The tennis player was allowed to play only after she decided to represent Kazakhstan from 2018. The 23-year-old hit the Tunisian number 2 of the world, Ons Jabeur, in the glowing heat on the Centre Court with 3:6, 6:2, 6:2. However, as players from Russia and Belarus were blocked by the All England Club due to the war in Ukraine in the beginning of the year, Rybakina's success in social media has caused great excitement among fans.
22140	13	“I have not chosen where I was born.”
22140	15	After the Wimbledon triumph, the born Russian has emphasized her connection with Kazakhstan on a question about Russia.
22140	17	“On my side, I can only say that I represent Kazakhstan. I didn’t choose where I was born.”
22140	19	Asked whether they condemn the war in Ukraine and the acts of Vladimir Putin, she said:
22140	21	“People have believed in me. Kazakhstan has so much supported me. Even today there was so much support, I saw the flags. “I don’t know how to answer these questions,” she hopes that the war will end as soon as possible.
22140	23	The number. One of the lords is closed.
22140	25	Daniil Medvedev, the number. 1 of the lords, was blocked by the rules of the All England Club. The winner of the tournament, Novak Djokovic, considers the Wimbledon exclusion of Russian players as “most crazy” and calls for no interference in sport, as our edition previously.
22140	27	Please support our struggle for freedom and civil rights.
22140	29	For each donation (PayPal or bank transfer) from €10.- you will receive a dozen stickers “CORONA-DICTATUR? No thanks, free and free. Details here.
22141	1	If sanctions go backwards: the EU has no plan
22141	3	While Germany reports its first trade balance deficit in 30 years, the prospects for the entire Western European industry also look dark. The EU has no plan for a life without cheap energy from Russia. So what happens next?
22141	5	Germany's foreign trade balance sheet for the month of May showed a deficit of one billion euros. This has led many analysts to question the future of the country’s economy and the prospects for the European Union in general.
22141	7	The bad news does not end with it. on 3. In July, the total global market capitalization of Germany, that is, the valuable share of German companies on the global exchanges, was at a time rate of 1.97 percent. The euro fell at 5. July against the US dollar at the lowest level since 2002.
22141	9	Robin Brooks, Chief Public Officer of the Institute for International Finance, made the situation of German foreign trade quite well together. He wrote on Twitter:
22141	11	Germany’s growth model consisted in importing cheap energy from Russia, using it to produce industrial goods and exporting these goods to the world. While Germany is now looking for new energy suppliers, its trade balance sheet and the euro zone will look ugly.”
22141	13	The question is whether this decline remains permanent or not. Michael Pettis, a professor of finance at the University of Beijing, also shared his opinion on Twitter, but said Germany’s trade deficit is not really historic. The Finance Professor wrote:
22141	15	Germany will change from permanent surplus to permanent deficits only if there is either a permanent increase in German investments or a permanent decline in German savings.
22141	17	"Pettis continued that none of these things had happened, with the first ""unlikely"" and the latter ""no to do with the latest adjustment of the German trade balance"". For this reason, he considers the situation as temporary."
22141	19	However, it seems reasonable to assume that there is a clear link between the rising energy prices and this thin blow for the German industry. The rise in energy prices also implies inflation-related savings. on 7. In July, Germany’s neighbouring state a foreign trade deficit of $1 billion, which strengthened the correlation between European energy prices rising and declining exports.
22141	21	The main problem, therefore, is exactly where Robin Brooks has placed it, namely at the energy source of the EU. If cheap Russian energy is actually permanently eliminated from the EU, then the impact on the EU’s public economies will logically remain permanent – unless in a highly unlikely scenario one can provide an alternative supply that is to be acquired at both sufficient and at comparable prices.
22141	23	One solution on the table is that the EU imports waste natural gas (LNG) from the United States. U.S. LNG supplies to the EU and to the UK have already increased since the political tensions between the EU and Russia began. According to the U.S. Energy Information Authority, in the first four months of the current year, the U.S. exported 74 percent of its LNG to Europe, compared to 34 percent in the previous year. However, this is not enough to keep European energy prices stable.
22141	25	This raises a fundamental question, namely, whether the European Union can actually afford to maintain its sanctions against Russia. The economic models of the Member States are simply not compatible with the reality – the reality that was created by the sanctions and in which the well-being of citizens has been damaged, so social and political tensions are coming.
22141	27	The European Union’s foreign policy follows the doctrine of “strategic autonomy”. But what is happening right now is neither strategic nor an act of autonomy. Without a doubt, the situation in Ukraine is scary and has caused Europeans to question the existing security architecture of the region. But if the latest strategic concept of NATO can be understood as an indication, then Washington comes into the game.
22141	29	"The respected scientist for international relations, John Mearsheimer, recently complained in a speech that ""the history will condemn the United States and its allies with abundant hardness for their fake Ukraine policy."" In fact, the current dominant policy of the allies in the Ukrainian conflict is doing everything to ensure that the conflict stretches into length—which poses the double danger that Ukraine will be destroyed and the future economic prospects of Europe will be damaged."
22141	31	For the longer the conflict lasts, or if it lasts indefinitely, this means that the division between Russia and the West will remain permanent. And it logically follows that this scenario will have an impact on the economic model of the European countries, and in particular on that of Germany. If this is the result we’re attending, the future of the EU will become a question to be addressed.
22141	33	Chon now laughs in the Czech capital Prague that in a few years Europe will be just a summer holiday for Americans and Chinese. But are there really enough jobs here in the tourism industry for everyone? Can everyone survive the winter season?
22141	35	Have fun outside. I personally believe that Germany’s trade balance deficit is significant. In a few days, the trend could become even more obvious if other European industrial countries report similar deficits. This should at least make the alarm clocks sound in view of what exactly the European Union’s long-term plans towards Russia are and whether the European industry can survive with the sanctions against Russian energy or not.
22141	37	My bet is that the European industry cannot survive without Russian energy. And this shows how destructive it is for Europe to keep blindly following Washington’s foreign policy.22145
22145	3	In a commentary on RT Deutsch, Fjodor Lukjanov, Chief Editor of Russia in Global Affairs, Chairman of the Council of Foreign and Defence Policy and Research Director of the Waldai International Discussions Club writes:
22145	5	“The collective western community has now reached its maximum capacity, with its European flange consisting of members of the EU and NATO as well as Ukraine and Moldova, with its Asian club consisting of South Korea, Japan and Singapore, which has ceased to hate and has chosen the ‘right’ side, with the ocean pair and of course with North America. The “free world” has never been so extended. This, however, raises a serious question: has the West reached its maximum boundaries, beyond which no more expansion is possible? And if so, what does that mean?
22145	7	In fact, the theory over the boundaries of Western influence is derived from the famous concept of “the end of history,” which has already been used so that it has even become uncomfortable to express it.”
22148	1	EU chief diplomat complains about lack of backing for an anti-Russian course through the Global South
22148	3	"In the West, the image of a worldwide unified view of the ""international community"" against Russia is pleased to be drawn up. But now one of the highest representatives of the West questiones this image itself."
22148	5	"The High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the EU Commission, Josep Borrell, said after the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Bali that the West must lose ""the global struggle of the narrative"" regarding Ukraine and continue to work to change this situation. The EU’s chief diplomat wrote on Sunday in his blog:"
22148	7	“The global struggle of the narrative is in full course, and at the moment we are not on the win. As the EU, we must continue to commit to reject the Russian lies and war propaganda and to make clear who is responsible for the aggression and its consequences.”
22148	9	Borrell praised the “consolidated attitude” of the G20 countries who all – with the exception of Russia – in the UN General Assembly supported the resolution introduced there to condemn the Russian military operation in Ukraine. But Borrell pointed out that this unity would break when it comes to discussing the further action and the consequences of the crisis.
22148	11	While the G7 and its allies agree on the pressure on Russia through sanctions and the attempt to take responsibility for the “regime” in Moscow, others, namely the majority of the “Global South” states, seem to have a different view.
22148	13	"Borrell also explained that most countries are retardant for a whole number of reasons when it comes to ""naming the aggressor"": some would be afraid of the consequences for themselves, others complain about ""double standards"", seek to maintain good relations with Russia, or try not to threaten their alleged geopolitical interests."
22148	15	"The statement also mentioned the Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lawrow, who, after his speech, had left the G20 meeting again, which Borrell indicated as evidence of ""how much Russia really takes care of multilateral forums""."
22148	17	Russia launched its military special operation in Ukraine on the 24th of May. February, after the People's Republics of Donetsk and Lugansk had asked for assistance in the defense against the Ukrainian armed forces. As a response to the Russian operation, the Western countries launched a comprehensive sanctions campaign against Moscow and delivered more and more, including heavy weapons to Ukraine.
22149	1	A new democratic and sovereign movement is forming in Italy
22149	3	Hidden from the media and mainstream, a new and ambitious party has been established in Italy. “Ancora Italia” wants a democratic turn and a sovereign Italy without the EU and without NATO.
22149	5	Italy is well known for the possibility that new political actors will be able to enter the Republic's curve. The five-star movement is the current example. But the big break with the system has not been combined by the five stars, instead of supporting Mario Draghi, a former Goldman Sachs banker and ECB boss.
22149	7	A youtuber against Draghi
22149	9	While Draghi and with him the entire political elite climb to power, but Italy is affected by a massive social crisis, new political actors are organizing. For example, the “Ancora Italia” party, which emerged “from down” last year, writes “L’Indipendente”. Last weekend the second National Congress of the new party took place in Naples. Under the ear-threatening silence of the media, thousands of visitors intrigued at the Palapartenope Theatre in Naples.
22149	11	“Ancora Italia” wants to participate in the next elections, the principles of the movement are clear: full national sovereignty of Italy, thus the withdrawal from the EU and NATO and the realization of an economy that does not “undermin the principle of self-determination of the peoples”. Parliamentary programme was also discussed in Congress.
22149	13	The speakers at the congress came from right and left. For example, the EU deputy Francesca Donato, who was able to enter the EU Parliament in 2019 through Matteo Salvinis' list. But Marco Rizzo, the Secretary-General of the Communist Party of Italy, was also among the speakers. Francesco Toscano and Mario Gallo, President National Secretary of Ancora Italia, led the discussion on the political programme and the guidelines for the next elections.
22149	15	Criticism of the media and Russian controversy
22149	17	Toscana is a journalist and successful Youtuber who has 209,000 subscribers on his channel “Visione TV”. The guests at the Congress, such as Donato and Rizzo, he called “the best free and courageous intelligences of the country.” They would be “in the service of a single project”. In early June, the former five-star Senator, Bianca Laura Granato, joined Ancora Italia.
22149	19	To the media, Toscana addressed sharp words. He called the journalists during the congress: “Let the servants of the system, the clowns in the service of a device that tends to suppress different opinions, know that we will not take a millimeter away.”
22149	21	In the near-government newspaper “Open” it was read a few hours later that Francesco Toscano “with the time has gained the support of various persons who are pursued by the world of desinformation and Italian conspiracy.” “Ancora Italia” also “formalized” its support for Vladimir Putin’s Russia at the second National Congress.
22149	23	For a sovereign and democratic Italy
22149	25	Toscan's words about the conflict in Ukraine were welcomed by the 3,000 guests with ovations. What did he really say? “I recognize the reasons for Russia intervening in the Donbass to end a genocide as irresistible. We stand on the side of those who struggle against the Nazis, who have been transformed by people without sense of spott into cantic philosophers.” (Original: “Io riconosco come sacrosante le ragioni della Russia che è intervenuta in Donbass per far terminare un genocidio. Noi siamo dalla parte di chi combatte i nazisti trasfigurati in filosofi kantiani da gente senza senso del ridicolo.
22149	27	In response to L’Indipendente, Toscana said: “We from Ancora Italia want to return to a solid, participatory policy, with territorial sections living in which people can discuss and form themselves and thus represent serious intermediaries that are indispensable for democracy.”
22149	29	Democratic and sovereign movement means “Ancora”. Toscana: “The current system aims to prevent individuals from exercising a kind of democratic opposition to the technical force of the financial sector through self-organization, which leads to a deviation from the public life.”
22149	31	It is seen as the task of organizing “the growing dissension” in Italy and “creating a perspective for radical change that is pursued by democratic and participative methods and in respect of the constitution that has been repeatedly betrayed by Draghi and his ministers,” it is read in the Ancora Congress Report.
2215	1	Build, Build, Build: Mass Immigration Requires Its Tribut
2215	3	The “immigration without access” and the additional import of countless people to Germany will not end. In 2020 there were 1,186,702 ships to Germany; by the way ships, the migration saldo from abroad was 220,251 people. Furthermore, it will be in 2021, for which the accurate data are not yet available, the excess of the balance of advances is estimated by the Federal Bureau of Statistics for the previous year to be between 270,000 and 320,000 people. The population has increased by 2.5 million people since the half-time of Chancellor Merkel to around 83.2 million, with the exact number expected to be between 1 and 4 percent higher according to the reports of the municipalities, which is expected to be 85 million people living in Germany.
2215	5	Uninterrupted by this development, the Ampel coalition wants to make Germany even more a “immigrant country”. In the preamble of their coalition treaty, the three parties emphasize their common “understanding of Germany as a diverse immigration society.” This is set there, in Chapter VII, under the programming title “Germany’s Responsibility for Europe and the World, Europe, Integration, Migration, Escape” on a total of 13 pages. The media and economic captains of many industries know the government in this business on their side, or it is the opposite, rather, the accomplishment of both.
2215	7	More people need more housing; therefore now 400,000 houses are to be rebuilt a year, 300,000 is not enough. In order to get them out of the ground, the construction and construction industry requires additional workers from abroad – for among the previous successful world bombers with Endstation Germany there are too few good and willing – not only for the construction industry, but also for the other economic sectors. And the “new arrived” also want to live somewhere. Or will they soon be legally assigned by the state to those with housing, as it was after the war? If compulsory quarantines and compulsory vaccines become normal, then it is not far from compulsory quarantines.
2215	9	Various reasons for vacation
2215	11	Per this is not so dramatic, because: “We have two billion empty apartments in Germany,” said Bonn’s green mayor Katja Dörner literally. Probably he meant two million, thus three zero less. These are at all less zero than they sit in their offices and bodies of the country – thus swam on it. But even the number of two million is so obviously not true: there are in fact 722,000 housing units vacuum, respectively. about 2.8 percent (but our political diletants can no longer be taken to the word). The reasons for this gap are diverse. If a change occurs after four years of rental and the apartment is rebuilt for new tenants for a month, this temporary gap alone is statistically 2 percent. “We live on too big foot” is opposed to us – now on an average of 46 square meters per person. This is also not quite true, as this calculation includes the temporary empty apartments as well as other special circumstances; for example, the soldiers stationed here with their families have a special status that falsifies the statistics.
2215	13	Now to the actual problem: the target conflict of even more land consumption, construction and CO2 emissions. Almost everywhere it is the same phenomenon: the same people who demand and support more immigration, for “sustainability reasons” oppose the opening of new building areas – and, if it comes to their surrounding area, of course, also against wind power plants that produce building electricity and could provide the energy for the housing when coal, oil and gas disappear. 35 percent of the CO2 emissions for housing go on construction alone, a study found. The construction of buildings therefore – not the later housing and heating. For the more houses are built, the more energy-resistant concrete is needed, whose production is now a CO2 slider.
2215	15	And the more rigorous the requirements for energy efficiency – to say, the thicker the damping should be – the more energy-resistant insulation material needs to be produced, which, in turn, emits more CO2. Three-sided windows instead of two-sided are more energy and CO2 intensive in manufacturing. And the production as well as the installation of increasingly modern heating systems also require more and more energy, and CO2 is emitted. The more “energy efficient” the construction, the higher the pre-powered CO2 emissions, which must be saved again later. Climate change today, so that it will fall again tomorrow. And with this “radical course” will the green-dominated government its high-level “climate targets”?
2216	3	Records show that more than a million people in the United States have died from the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) Each of these deaths can be addressed to the White House Chief Medical Advisor, Dr. Anthony Fauci.
2216	5	It is estimated that the United States on Wednesday evening, the 23. March, the brand for COVID-19 deaths have exceeded one million. This is based on data from the statistical website Worldometers, which at the time of the press claims that the U.S. has 1.002 million COVID-19 deaths.
2216	7	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has to confirm this, as they update their “official” COVID-19 data only every two weeks. The agency’s data tracker website still shows deaths in the U.S. at approximately 972,000.
2216	9	If the current trends continue, the number of deaths in the U.S. due to COVID-19 will be over 1.2 million by the end of April.
2216	11	This catastrophic loss of human lives should not be removed. In two years, more Americans have died on COVID-19 than in any war that the United States has since the 20th. centuries together, including the Second World War. On average, almost 3,000 Americans die every two days from the coronavirus, more than 2,977 people die on the 11th. They were killed in September.
2216	13	Every 100th person over 65 years of age has died of COVID-19. More than 200,000 children have lost a parent or a primary reference person. The wider social impacts of this pandemic need to be properly understood.
2216	14	Fauci is responsible for at least 400,000 “official” COVID-19 deaths
2216	16	According to New American journalist Ben Armstrong, Fauci should be held responsible for half of the deaths attributed to COVID-19 in the United States. He is too nice. 
2216	18	Armstrong supported his conclusions on an investigation by Edward Dowd, hedge fund expert and former stock portfolio manager of the investment firm BlackRock.
2216	20	“It’s either stupidity or a plan,” Dowd said during an interview. “But in the first year of the pandemic we prevented early treatment and put people on intubators and many people died. There were estimates that 400,000 people didn’t have to die in the first year if there was early prevention and if you didn’t intubate people.”
2216	22	Fauci, as the head medical advisor of the White House and director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has a great influence on the COVID-19 protocol and can be held responsible for pushing on hospital guidelines that have led to more deaths due to the coronavirus. Some of these guidelines include placing severe COVID-19 patients on heating devices and giving them the toxic drug Remdesivir. 
2216	24	Armstrong pointed out that Remdesivir is one of just a handful of drugs approved by the CDC and the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of hospitalized COVID-19 patients, and that many doctors throughout the country protested against its use.
2216	26	Without Remdesivir, Armstrong said, COVID-19 patients in hospitals only need to take care of their lungs and breath. But with Remdesivir, their kidneys have become a problem as the drug could cause kidney problems, as several studies have shown.
2216	28	Once the kidneys and other organs of COVID-19 patients begin to close, hospitals put them on swelling devices. “Who did all that? Fauci has done all that,” Armstrong said. “It’s why I’m pursuing these deaths on Fauci. That’s Fauc’s fault.”
2216	30	Armstrong added that he could make Fauci responsible for even more COVID-19 deaths in the U.S. due to his role in funding the research functions for coronavirus in Wuhan, China. “Al he denies it, we all know that it is true,” he said. And that’s why every individual COVID-19 death – not only in the United States, but all over the world – can be introduced to Fauci.
2216	32	He added that hundreds of thousands of other American deaths should also be attributed to Fauci because he supported and promoted the use of the experimental and dangerous COVID-19 vaccines.
2216	34	“People decided to obey Fauci, doctors decided to obey Fauci. They didn’t have to do so, and Fauci is the reason why they should never obey,” Armstrong said. “Do not obey like a slave, because you will have catastrophic consequences.”
2216	36	Watch this episode of the “Ben Armstrong Show” by The New American, while moderator Ben Armstrong talks about how Fauci should be held responsible for more than one million Americans who have died unnecessarily during the COVID-19 pandemic.22161
22161	3	Peschiera des Garda, Italy (World Express) Whoever thinks that the Germanization of one or another word of the Latin language is not clear, that it is written Black instead of Black. The one or the other black was on the “African fat” of the northern African and thus the northern African, especially Arabs, on the Gardasee. Hundreds of young, male foreigners, including Mohammedan and Messermans, walk around the Gardasee. Sexual harassment and all kinds of harassment not only by women were apparently not a defect, but the rule. This also applies to theft.
22161	5	Under the motto of the conversion of many, the young men from Africa meant to “feest” “L’Africa a Peschiera” (“Africa in Peschiera”). Their celebrations included crashes, attempted rape and a lot of material damage.
22161	7	Under the title “Peschiera del Garda – Shooting and sexual harassment after Trap-Music Meetings on the Gardasee” it is in “Kleine Zeitung” (13.6.2022) that “a gathering of hundreds of young people who had gathered for a festival with Trap-Music (a subgenre of Hip-Hop) on a beach in Peschiera del Garda on the south-eastern shore of the Gardasee in northern Italy” and that “this was a huge shooting in a few days ago, and then into tumults.” It was the beach of Campanello-Pioppi between Castelnuovo and Peschiera del Garda.
22161	9	That the police had to interfere and clean the area and that it was under the use of strikes, that will not be silent. In the “Standard” (13.6.2022) the circumvention is not as much as in the “Little Gazette”, but Dominik Straub, from Rome under the title “Peschiera del Garda – Randale and sexual harassment by young North African in Italy” reports that “approximately 2,500 people – mostly young men with north African migration backgrounds” were responsible for the Randale of foreigners on the Gardasee and these are called in the media in Italy “Afro-Baby-Gang”, but also that it is in a video that has been circulating since Friday in the world network that says: “Peschiera was just the taste, we see us in Riccione.”
22161	11	A new collapse of foreigners did not occur because in Riccione a lot of police officers were early detained, who were initially painfully evacuated in Peschiera del Garda.
22161	13	In the majority of the main flows of the apartheid state BRD, which has since existed a vasal state of the VSA with the UK, has been lie with lacunes, my acquaintances and critics. Bernhard Zimniok (AfD) tells the “Facebook” (14.6.2022) listed: “On a few days ago 2,000 Africans ran to the Gardasee, there were strikes, mass shootings, and sexual assaults. The ARD and ZDF, committed to neutrality and objectivity, refused any reporting to their indoctrinated spectators. Instead, they about the legalization of cannabis in Thailand – or a championship in pizza bags in Argentina. The consumer of compulsory-financed propaganda should simply not be faced with reality. Therefore, the broadcasting contribution is canceled!”
22161	15	In Italy, many people in politics and the press are already a step further. Matteo Salvini (Lega), a former Deputy Prime Minister, says: “Violence and threats are not welcome if these ‘good boys’ don’t like it here, they can just as well leave Italy, along with the compassionate or disguised ‘parents’.”
22161	17	In the municipal elections last Sunday, their and other candidates, who do not only want to end the conversion but also turn, cut off the unknown calls of their opponents in politics and the press well.
22164	1	Aggressive landing and loud “single events”: the struggle of cultures 
22164	3	The pictures of the past weeks will burn into the collective memory of Europeans. At first, 2,000 migrants at the Gardasee terrorized the bathers and cried, “This is Africa!” The June, which the system gave it the “Pride Month,” was a massacre of migrants. The mainstream hides the causes. While a new, imported “emption” becomes unknown to Europeans for good reason, many wonder: Is this still the home I know?
22164	5	Once it is the mass shooting between immigrants in the Berliner Freibad, days later a plague of rival Arab clans in Duisburg. These are the “reversions” of which U.S. politician and globalist Yasha Mounk spoke when he applied the wardrobe of multicultural as a historically unique “experiment”. It is precisely the “liberal” lifestyle that first comes into the vision of aggressive landing.
22164	7	If it goes by the globalists and their political-media handlers, mass migration is solely positive to represent. This is stated in the UN Migration Pact and the 2030 Agenda.
22169	1	"Putin: ""Nord Stream must be dropped because my dog has eaten the turbine"""
22169	3	Moscow (dpo) - What a fortune! According to Vladimir Putin, gas supplies through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline must be drastically dropped after his dog has eaten a turbine necessary for operation.
22169	5	"“Yes, so that was completely unhappy,” the Russian president apologized on state television. ""In fact, the gas should flow again fully in accordance with the contracts after the maintenance break. But unfortunately my Buffy thought that the turbine that was absolutely important for the operation was something to eat. Such a fortune!”"
22169	7	Putin left the Karakatschan runs out of the eyes for a very short moment. “When I came back, one of the turbines was gone. But about Buffy there were a few details.”
22169	9	This was the turbine that was eaten by Putin's dog:
22169	11	It is unclear when more gas will flow. But according to Putin’s veterinarian, there is a chance that the dog will voluntarily explode the turbine again. To do this, the EU must only give up any support for Ukraine and recognize the territories occupied by Russia.
22169	13	“It may sound funny,” Putin said. “But that’s what you are now, our wicked fellnases. There is nothing to do.2217
22170	3	Cairo (dpo) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lawrow spoke clearly about the intentions of Russia in Ukraine on his foreign trip to Cairo yesterday. He also spoke about a possible collapse of the Ukrainian government through the Kremlin.
22170	5	"“We want to change the Ukrainian government... how please?""Lawrow said, while a counselor flattered him somewhat. Does this happen automatically every five years by a choice? Why do you do that?” The diplomat then made it unbelievable to explain the modalities of the democratic system of Ukraine."
22170	7	For example, Lawrow learned that the government of the current President Wolodymyr Selenskyj came to power through such a 2019 election and dissolved the previous government of Petro Poroshenko. For 2024 such a regular system imminent regime change will also be expected.
22170	9	"""I had been able to swear that elections will only serve to confirm the power holder who automatically always wins,"" Lawrow said. Or occasionally exchanging the President and the Prime Minister for constitutional reasons. At least we know this from Russia, where my leader Vladimir Putin has been ruling since 1999 and I have been a foreign minister since 2004. Do they all do this in the West? This is completely disappointed, because people can speak with you everywhere. How can one thus extend his power forever?”"
22170	11	However, according to Lawrow, Russia wants to hold on the regime change plans for Ukraine. “It’s also necessary because we, unfortunately, have to assume that the Ukrainians with their comic system will not voluntarily vote for Putin.
22171	1	Sunday question: What do you think Lindner should have agreed during the coalition talks with Porsche?
22171	3	Was it all done with the right things? Obviously, FDP chief Christian Lindner was in constant contact with Porsche during the Ampel coalition talks, which led to an exception for E-Roels at the planned release for the combustion engine:
22171	5	Could the Minister of Finance have a bit over the lines? This week, the Lobbyistillon (supported by Corruption Control) wants to know of you:
22171	7	And here are the incredibly exciting results of the last Sunday question (collective votes: 31.116):
22171	9	What do you think that after the 9 Euro ticket will come a 69 Euro ticket? (Top 3 of the answers)
22171	11	and 3. Good so. The public funds already spent on the 9-Euro ticket are urgently needed for automotive subsidies. - 11,69% (3638 votes)
22171	13	2nd The number excites me for unherited reasons, so I am for it. - 17.35% (5085 votes)
22171	15	1. Too simple and understandable. There are urgently 7 tariff zones, ring areas, day and night rhythm, part-time student discount, seat or seat allowance and Soli with clean. - 22,09% (6872 votes) 22173
22173	3	Putin laughs: Titanic persiflies war and German neoheroism
22173	5	"For the cover, the 90-year-old men magazine Mens Health stood unprecedented Pate: The German Satireblatt Titanic dedicates its May edition, how it may be different, to the war in all its facets. At the same time in the editorial, Titanic’s chief executive Moritz Hürtgen persiflies the captured soundfall of German opinion journalists. “For opinion journalists, times like this are a challenge: Do I write about my own complex state of feeling? What does the war do with me? Or do I prefer to meditate in my texts directly about the responsibility of journalism itself?” Titanic remains faithful to its responsibility as an untouchable satir sheet even in times of crisis. In the form of a knife for war. The nuclear weapons? For the first time, it is forbidden. After that, it is permitted.” Or: “To pull on the hair? Thanks to 5,000 helmets from Germany, it is hardly possible! yet though. Forbidden (except: permitted for white with Dreadlocks). In the form of a world map for the German Environment Minister Robert Habeck. What about photovoltaics from Libya instead of gas from Russia? And, of course, scratches come about Bobos, who have no knowledge of weapons, but now ""wake up"", not too short: ""In every softness there is a blood-resistant murder machine that wants to be released."" Very bad, very fun.22174"
22174	3	Brussels/Dresden - According to the Minister of Economy Robert Habeck (52, Green) or FDP man Wolfgang Kubicki (70) now also PARTEI chief Martin Sonneborn (57) gave his recommendation for the OB election in Dresden. In addition to the country’s capital city itself, a candidate also came away everything other than good.
22174	5	“Unlike Robert Habeck, I’ve never lived in your distressed city.” This is how the little charming video of the EU member, PARTEI founder and Titanic urge Martin Sonneborn begins. “I don’t like them at all, I also used myself for the rebuilding of the women’s church,” he continues against our beautiful Elbflorence.
22174	7	"In his video call for election, Habeck had said that in the meantime, Dresden was even something like a ""second home"" for him and he even had his own jogging track here."
22174	9	After the first flood of not quite seriously intended offenses, Sonneborn then can be drawn into a first election recommendation, which is once again just a little smoothly presented.
22174	11	“Please don’t choose the green candidate whose name I’ve just missed.” “Every time we choose the Greens, we are engaged in wars.” And “with wars you know yourself (in Dresden) yes – Zwingersmiley.”
22174	13	A clear claim of the quite controversial satirist on Dresden probably the hardest day, the 13th. February of 1945.
22174	15	"But with whom would Martin Sonneborn make his own cross? ""Select Jan Pöhnisch (32)"" - the candidate of the party Dresden, is his recommendation, which in Dresden was also promptly shared on Twitter."
22174	17	At the end of the video, with which he probably did not make a lot of friends in Dresden, Sonneborn said goodbye with a wink in the widespread worlds of the World Wide Web.
22174	19	But seriously: the real showdown will take place on Sunday, of course, between the official Dirk Hilbert (50, FDP) and the Green Eva Jähnigen (56). If you are not sure who you should choose, then go a little into our reports to choose! There are, among other things, exclusive interviews with Hilbert and Jähnigen.22175
22175	3	"Hannover (dpo) - Is the current gas deficiency everywhere a panic cause? Are we all lying by the government? Ingo Bölke from Hannover. The hobby physicist and gas refuser believes that the existence of ""gas"" cannot be scientifically proven."
22175	5	“A valuable ‘air’ that can be burned to heat?“That is what Bölke spotty asks. “Well clearly! The government itself does not believe that. This is all a great lie again, so that in winter everyone will be afraid and the heat pump industry can fill the pockets.”
22175	7	"So far, no one has been able to show him the alleged ""gas"" that everyone allegedly needed so urgently. “But it is also practical that this gas is invisible like the Santa and the tooth beef. You just have to trust the habeck and the silk and save a lot, because otherwise we all die.”"
22175	9	From Bölke’s point of view, heating is simply heated by turning it up and the gasherd generates a flame when it is connected. This is the same as with a lamp or a water shell.
22175	11	He shows on a gas balloon hanging under the room cover. “Look,” he says, and let the balloon break with a needle. “There was nothing inside. Nothing at all. This experiment can be done by anyone at home and can be understood by themselves.”
22175	13	"On the Internet, Bölke has now found the same-minded. In groups such as ""Querheizen"", ""Active the self-heating forces of your apartment"", ""Gas deficiency? GasPLANgel” or “Bill Ga(te)s = Gas Bill = Gas Bill!!!” to organize their resistance.22176"
22176	3	Frankfurt (dpo) - That’s just anxious! Since the start of the strike at the Lufthansa, Friedrich Merz, who is currently trying to fly home with his private aircraft from Frankfurt to Sauerland, has been constantly troubled by supporters.
22176	5	“There’s all that stands around with their fingers and lock the rolling field,” the CDU chief said. “How should we take it up so? Go to the front! Otherwise, my prophets will make Salami.”
22176	7	Merz makes a defensive gesture and calls out of the window. “No! I'm not flying to Malle by chance. I am on the way back to Arnsberg. I don’t care if you have only 12 kilograms of luggage. No is! Not even if you participate in the sprint.”
22176	9	Suddenly Merz stops his machine. “Hmmm... how much would you pay exactly? Okay. Make null behind it and we are in the business. What is this growth? This is market economy. No, there is no discount! Accept or withdraw, of course? Is the deal? Excellent, come with you! Stop and stop! First pay, then fly.”
22177	1	CNN Director in Leak: “Climate change will be the next Covid thing!”
22177	3	Triple climate confusion: A technical director of CNN admitted before a hidden camera that the broadcaster decided to make the climate change the next “pandemic.” Charlie Chester says that fear sells itself. After the panic with Corona, there is climate change. And this is obviously not much more than a media propaganda mark. This is by the magazine Weekblick.at.
22177	5	Posts Tagged ‘Panic for Mass Control’
22177	7	In the video of the U.S. discovery platform Project Veritas, Chester is to hear as he says that “the story of Covid-19” is over and CNN is ready to sell the story of “climate change” and “fear.” Chester says the public is no longer afraid of Corona. Therefore, the elites could no longer use it to control the masses. According to him, the media needs a “history” with “livability.”
22177	9	Propaganda: Climate change comes to Corona
22177	11	Asked how he would define propaganda, he explained: “You can influence, for example, the perception of a whole people about something, depending on how you do it.” Climate change will take years. CNN’s director said: “Our focus was to hunt Trump out of office, right? Without saying that, it was that, right? So our next thing will be the awareness of climate change. Climate change will be the next Covid thing for CNN. The decision to focus on climate change came from former CNN chief Jeff Zucker, who left the broadcast at the beginning of 2022.
22177	13	The video is the continuation of a series of clips that were originally released in 2021 and is currently being viral on social media. CNN’s director spoke so hardly out of the necklace as he wrapped on a Tinder date. His statements make it clear how the mainstream media works and for what: they spread fear of controlling, guiding the population in the sense of the globalist power elites! Reality does not matter.
22178	1	More COVID-19 deaths in children since the start of vaccination – and no one investigates the cause
22178	3	"The sense of vaccination of children against the coronavirus is controversial among doctors. The Standing Vaccine Commission (STIKO) at the Robert Koch Institute (RKI) assesses the benefits of the measure for minors from five years of age higher than possible risks. However, according to RKI data, significantly more minors and young adults under the age of 20 have died ""in or with"" COVID-19 since the beginning of child vaccines than before. Since mid-August 2021, the number of deaths of this age has quadrupled from 23 to 94. But the political interest to investigate the reason is obviously small."
22178	5	Government: “Look in the weekly report”
22178	7	The Bundestag deputy Kay-Uwe Ziegler (AfD) tried to bring light into darkness. He wanted the federal government to know how many of the young people who have died from or with the coronavirus had been vaccinated once, twice or three times.
22178	9	However, the federal government did not provide specific figures. Instead, she informed the questioning in her 13th answer. July, which is present to the author, on the latest weekly report of the RKI. He must look there. Problem: the desired information is not included in this paper. The response letter was signed by the SPD deputy and parliamentary Secretary of State in the Ministry of Health Sabine Dittmar.
22178	11	In addition, Ziegler wanted to know how many of the children and youths who died were obducted after their death. For the top German scientific authority always assured in its reports, in which it stated the number of minors killed, that all of these cases would be “examined and validated by the RKI individually.” This obviously did not happen. Accordingly, the government explained to the questioning person that there is nothing to know about it because it is the case of the local health agencies.
22178	13	"In mid-August 2021, the STIKO recommended two vaccine doses for all 12- to 17-year-olds. In December, she initially recommended the same for prematurely sick younger children aged five and those who lived in a household with ""vulnerable"" people. In March of this year, she gave a third vaccination to young people aged twelve years, and in May, to all younger children aged five years, at least one single dose."
22178	15	The fact that the vaccines do not protect against the infection and transmission of the virus, therefore do not provide complete alien protection, is now general knowledge. However, according to official rhetoric, they protect against severe passes and death by COVID-19. In view of the data from the Intensive Register of the German Interdisciplinary Association for Intensive and Emergency Medicine (DIVI), this is also extremely questionable. In children and adolescents, the question of the benefit is especially questioned due to low affection.
22178	17	More young Corona deaths since vaccination begins
22178	19	The development of the “corona dead” recorded by the RKI in the younger than 20 years of age, therefore, makes awakening. From the beginning of the pandemic to the beginning of January 2021, the Institute registered a total of 14 deaths in these age groups, as it described in this situation report on page 8. In his weekly report of 19. In August 2021, it on page 15 of 23 children and youths who have already died, nine more than at the beginning of the year.
22178	21	Encrypted, this means that in the first Corona year according to RKI data statistically about every 21 days a minor died in connection with the coronavirus. From January to mid-August 2021, such a death occurred every 23 days. However, this has changed to negative since the first vaccination recommendation for adolescents from the age of twelve in mid-August.
22178	23	"This is what the RKI of 19. August 2021 to the end of December of last year, that is, within four and a half months, 15 more Corona deaths in this age group. In his weekly report of 30. In December 2021, it had already 38 deaths in younger than 20 years of age on page 9. Accordingly, in these four and a half months, a minor ""on or with"" the virus died statically every nine days. According to RKI figures, the corona mortality increased the youngest by about two and a half times compared to the previous time."
22178	25	Corona deaths in minors are seven times more common
22178	27	A drastic increase has been since the beginning of this year. According to the Federal Statistical Office, the RKI up to 6. In July, 94 deaths occurred in children under the age of 20. That is 56 dead more than in the end of December and 71 more than in the middle of August of last year.
22178	29	Statistically, the RKI a new death in the youngest in time-related with a corona infection about every third day. Compared to the period from March 2020 to August 2021, when children and adolescents have not yet been vaccinated in large-scale, this means a rise in corona mortality in the youngest age groups by more than seven times.
22178	31	Higher cases are not sufficient as a single explanation
22178	33	This is correlated with the rapid increase in the number of cases found since the beginning of adult vaccines in late 2020. In 2021, the RKI identified a total of 5.3 million new positive cases – almost three times more than in 2020 (1,9 million). Only in the first half of 2022, 22 million new cases were added, eleven times more than in the entire first Corona year. However, it is not yet clear what role the vaccines themselves play. Some scientists have already warned of so-called immune escape variants by vaccines that do not produce sterile immunity in 2020.
22178	35	On the other hand, a comparison of the total deaths with the cases speaks for a significant decrease in the danger of the virus, especially since the Omicron variants have been implemented at the beginning of this year. For children and adolescents, the risk of seriously suffering or even dying has been close to zero since the beginning of the pandemic.
22178	37	"Furthermore, the increase in cases before the start of child vaccines did not seem to affect deaths in the youngest age groups. On the contrary: From January to August 2021, the RKI even less than the previous year a minor who died ""on or with"" Corona. It only changed with the start of the vaccines."
22178	39	Therefore, the argument of “higher cases” is not sufficient as a single explanation. It is urgent to investigate whether there is a causal connection between child vaccines and increased deaths. If one checked how many of the deceased children were vaccinated once, twice or three times, one could find whether vaccinations in children and adolescents may cause the opposite of what they should do. Do you see the politics here? 22179
22179	3	Almost all airlines have asked their employees to get vaccinated. You now get the bill presented with high hospitals and a resulting huge chaos. This time, Lufthansa concerns itself and not only its subsidiaries.
22179	5	Recently, TKP over 52 of 360 flights with Lufthansa's daughter AUA and strikes with Lufthansa's daughter Brussels Airlines. Lufthansa itself has already canceled 5770 flights scheduled for the summer, the lack of healthy staff on the ground and in the fighters. The spray holds the flyers on the ground. Lufthansa’s daughter Swiss has long been confronted with flying staff who refuses vaccination.
22179	7	“Bild on Sunday” (BamS) titled “In Lufthansa almost every third is sick.” A Lufthansa spokesman to BamS:
22179	9	“The health rates in our ground staff have increased significantly. Due to CoV infections, but also conditionally by overload, the disease rate here reaches up to 30 percent. For flying staff in cockpit and cabin, the quota is significantly lower in the fixed area.”
22179	11	A short video in the article shows on the airport of Hamburg serpents of passengers reaching back to the road. At Frankfurt Airport, 5000 luggage of Lufthansa passengers stay on the ground every day.
22179	13	The reason for this is the generally significantly higher likelihood of infection and disease of the vaccines compared to non-vaccinated. Especially with the various Omicron variants, vaccinations are significantly more susceptible.
22179	15	We have seen that in Germany the difference in the vaccine rate between the east and the west is also reflected in the incidences – the higher the vaccine rate, the higher the incidences. Lufthansa has one of the highest vaccine rates.
22179	17	In the weekly reports of the 7th and 14th RKI. In July it will be under point 1.4. Geographic distribution is confirmed as follows:
22179	19	“The observed geographical differences in the reporting incidences may be explained in addition to a different testing and vaccination behavior, also by the regional different course of previous infection waves.”
22179	21	After all, the RKI is ready to admit for the first time that the immunity acquired by infection protects against infection and disease. In turn, of course, it also means that the vaccine does not protect and even damage. The difference between the DDR and the BRD and the Lufthansa.
22180	1	14-year-old student from Berlin: “Service obligation? No thanks!”
22180	3	In ancient times, against young people with an untouched hang to socialism, there was the untouched rhetorical chess: “Go, go!” Everyone knew that he would not do. And everyone knew exactly why.
22180	5	When Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier introduced his proposal for a service obligation for young people, he might have had a similar chess in mind. We don’t know it.
22180	7	In any case, it didn’t take a long time and a student from Berlin signed up with a small article in the world. The answer of the 14-year-old was clear: “Service obligation? No thanks!”
22180	9	Not the same. At first, the high school girl claimed about her elderly colleagues: A social activity “may have been quite attractive for many.” With remarkable arguments:
22180	11	“Even if politicians like Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier are convinced that this will benefit our country, you cannot simply assign responsive tasks to uncertain young people.” No one will be opposed.
22180	13	However, the proposal of the Federal President was also not aimed at qualified work, but on aid work, as it might happen in every hospital and nursing home. However, such “no-activity” refuses Alma of Raggamby for itself. They say they will do others for them. We know why migrants from Africa and Arabia should come to Berlin.
22180	15	Tolldreist is the reason: “Many older adults don’t know what career they want to go after school,” says Alma: “What they should specialize in studying, whether they might go abroad and start a job or training there.”
22180	17	But the way to the goal is great: “To clarify it and find themselves, they need freedom.”
22180	19	Consequently, most young people refuse to be obliged to a year of service. “What’s that?” asks the student, who can go well at school and later at school at the expense of the older generation. Certainly because many elderly people want to determine and control the lives of the next generations. And that the compulsion – and thus the limitation of freedom – only the younger bears.” That at least the elderly men in their youth, as of course, have performed a military service, the disciple does not come into mind.
22180	21	And yet the lady needs a moral justification for a life free of work at the expense of others who go to work. Thus, the thickest clop is achieved in Raggamby's Alma's angry thought field. Young people need not to go to work because they’re already doing something: they’re already very committed, they’re struggling for a more social society, they’re opposed to climate change. They should not be required for a whole year of social service.”
22180	23	What should one say about so much self-righteousness of an egoistic gory from Berlin, which comes from a generation that plays around their gender and does not want to do just one thing: work goes.
22181	3	“What fire-threatening excavations the outgoing illegal mass immigration acknowledges the attack of forty over both ears of heavily armed migrants near the Hungarian border,” FPÖ security spokesman NAbg said. Hannes Amesbauer was concerned about the corresponding media reports and continued: “It makes it clear how negligent and irresponsible the ‘ÖVP asylum propaganda’ is. On the one hand, continuously flowing the clues with widespread but unsubstantial statements, and on the other hand putting the head in the sand and hiding behind the brokenly failed EU migration policy and EU law, in the light of the dynamic developments, is simply unlikely. Or the current OVP Minister of the Interior, Karner, is finally doing his job, or he takes the hat.”
22181	5	“What else has to happen so that the black-green federal government finally realizes that it can’t continue as it is now?” asked Amesbauer. “We have left more than 30,000 illegal people in the country today. It is estimated that there will be 70,000 or more by the end of the year. These are dimensions as in the horror year 2015,” the freedom security spokesman stressed, who also reminded that at that time, even under red and black, a maximum of 37,500 asylum applications were introduced per year to ensure the preservation of public security and order and social peace as well as to ensure the functioning of state institutions. “This already very high border has already been exceeded in 2021 with 40,000 asylum applications and is formally pulverized today,” said Amesbauer.
22181	7	“It is known that during these migration waves also serious criminals, Islamist extremists and jihadists come to Europe and Austria. We also have a whole arsenal of weapons. Here there can be no longer waiting for the EU, as the Interior Minister Karner last wanted to argue out of his responsibility. Closing borders and suspending the right of asylum for illegal immigrants from all lords of countries, carrying out withdrawals and dismissing, dismissing, dismissing. It’s about our security,” said Amesbauer concluding.22182
22182	3	Former U.S. Foreign Minister Henry Kissinger said a few days ago that depending on the conditions under which the Russian military operation in Ukraine ends, NATO’s role in Europe could become weaker or stronger. According to him, the military conflict can end in three ways.
22182	5	The influential expert on international relations and former U.S. Foreign Minister Henry Kissinger has described his view of the things in an interview with the British magazine The Spectator, which was published on the 2nd day. Published in July. He named three options for the conflict, each of which he believes is possible:
22182	7	First, if the Russian militaryins its current positions, “this willin 20 percent of Ukraine and the majority of the Donbass, the main industrial and agricultural areas and a land strip along the Black Sea,” Kissinger said. According to him, this will be a victory for Russia, “ despite all the failures it has suffered at the beginning,” and NATO’s role “will not be as crucial” as before.
22182	9	The second option is that Russia could be “distributed” from the territories it took under its control in 2014, including the Crimea. Then, according to Henry Kissinger, “the question of a war with Russia itself will be faced.”
22182	11	Third option: If Ukraine “can prevent Russia from a military conquest and the front line up to the boundaries of the 24. The falling in February means a loss for the Russian Federation. Ukraine will be restored in the form it had at the beginning of the war: the battle line after 2014. It will be rearmed and closely connected with NATO, if not even part of it. The remaining issues could be clarified during the negotiation. It would be a situation that would freeze for a while. But as we have seen in the reunification of Europe, it can be achieved over time,” said the former diplomat and adviser to U.S. presidents.
22182	13	Kissinger is convinced that Ukrainian President Wolodymyr Zelensky will follow the third scenario. In this case, NATO would only become stronger by the accession of Finland and Sweden, and Ukraine “will have the largest conventional ground forces in Europe,” the former Foreign Minister added. The Ukrainian army will also be the only in Europe with experience in fighting against a high-intensity enemy – a feature that has been lacking to the European armies for decades.
22182	15	“Russia will be shown that the fear of the arrival of Russian armies, which has been loaded on Europe since World War II, can be dispersed by the conventional NATO measures. For the first time in recent history, Russia will be faced with the need to coexist with Europe as a whole and not with America, which, with the help of nuclear forces, plays the main role in defence of Europe,” Kissinger added.
22182	17	Last May, the former Foreign Minister at the forum in Davos had called for pressure on Ukraine to resume the talks with Russia, and to end the attempts to make the Russian troops a “destructive defeat” in order to maintain a “outway” for Russia. Kissinger had strongly urged the US and the West not to pursue Russia’s angry defeat in Ukraine, warning that this could affect Europe’s long-term stability. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has criticized this approach.
22182	19	In June, Kissinger said he supported a NATO agreement on the situation in Ukraine. He also believed that after the end of the hostilities, Russia must “find a place” because otherwise the country will become a front position of China in Europe. The former diplomat refers to the “places” that were assigned to the former enemy after the great conflicts to restore a stable international order: Louis XVIII’s France. at the Vienna Congress in 1815, West Germany and Japan after 1945. Many see the 1990s as lost as the West failed to integrate Russia into the Western system, and left it back in economic, social and security policy chaos. In the 2000s and 2010s, Moscow then restored its power, thanks to the financial resources of its oil, gas and mining exports, but also due to a power policy fully assumed by the Russian state.
22182	21	Henry Kissinger was 99 years old in May. The influential expert in international relations, considered to be the defendant of the realistic stream, was U.S. Secretary of State under Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford from 1973 to 1977. He was the national security adviser of these presidents from 1969 to 1975.
22182	23	In the team of Richard Nixon, Henry Kissinger developed the relaxation policy towards the Soviet Union. Kissinger negotiated with Moscow the SALT-I treaty, an agreement to limit the number of nuclear weapons of the two superpowers. Similarly, in June and October 1971, Kissinger first secretly contacted Communist China, with the consent of Pakistani President Yahya Khan, who allowed Kissinger's aircraft to fly from Islamabad to Beijing. Then Kissinger accompanied U.S. President Nixon at his official visit to China (the first of a U.S. President) in February 1972. In 1973, Kissinger played an important role in ending the Yom-Kippur war by negotiating a ceasefire between Israel and Egypt.
22184	3	Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Berlin (dpo) - Is the chaos on German airports soon history? Instead of looking for staff on the empty labour market or abroad, more and more airports are now going to hire short-sitting vacationers who still have time.
22184	5	"“We didn’t get there before.""Hajo Kleibert is pleased with the operating company of Düsseldorfer Airport. “There are thousands of travellers sitting with us at the airport and have nothing to do except waiting while we are looking for staff. The solution was so close!”"
22184	7	Meanwhile, professional applicants from a vacation group go to a vacation group and ask who wants to pack. The Postillon was in Düsseldorf and could watch the practice live.
22184	9	"“Hello! You are waiting for the flight 4103 to Tenerife, right?""Airport staff recruiter Tamara Klowanski tells a larger group in colorful holiday clothes. “There is nothing to do today.” The general stone. “Yes, it is a cake. I know. But, may you want to earn a bit of it until tomorrow? We still need a few people to load out the luggage, two for security and a bus driver for the rolling field. 13 euros per hour. Who has Bock? First individuals report urgently, then more, eventually almost all."
22184	11	In confidence, Klowanski tells us what to pay attention to. “So, in principle, we just take everyone, but you should be a little careful about who does something. It is better not to take seniors for suitcases. And so obsessed Malle tourists never give the flags to the aircraft indication. We have to learn this partially painfully.”
22184	13	The reasons why so many travellers pack with are very different. The postillon asked some of them, “Yes, so if my holiday is already here, then I want to make at least a bit of money for my next holiday,” explains Jasmin Streubeck (39) from Wuppertal. “I’m going to make a double-layer check-in switch at the gate or so. The introduction begins.”
22184	15	For Elliot S. (21) from Cologne, another thing is in mind: “I do security checks. There you only get a minimum wage, but I was told that I can keep all the drugs I find. I don’t say no.”
22184	17	In fact, the application is so good that no one more awaits at Düsseldorfer Airport. “Huch! Now we don’t have any passengers any more because they all work for us,” said airport operator Kleibert. “I think we’ll have to leave about half again. We are still working on the fine vote.by 22185
22185	3	Berlin (dpo) – is made! A hamster buyer from the first Corona wave today has used his last package of nodes. Also the planting in his house, in which he has grown clopapier since the beginning of 2020, is finally empty.
22185	5	“But it’s lasted,” Peter Kolb rejoices, while the last spaghetti nodle disappears in his mouth. “I’m not going to eat pasta for a long time. It really hangs out to my neck, the thing.”
22185	7	For each of his three daily meals, Kolb has consistently used nuts as the main ingredient over the past two years. “You just have to be something creative,” he explains. “I have done everything: Nudelsuppe, Nudelpudding, Nudelmusli, Nudels with Sauce, Nudels Without Sauce, Spaghetti Ice, Nudels in the Sleeprock, Nudelgulasch, Nudelburger, Tortellini filled with Nudels...”
22185	9	Now the 58-year-old can finally use other carbohydrate sources again. “In the meantime, I didn’t know any more about the taste of rice or potatoes,” says Kolb, whose first nozzle-free meal consisted of linen outflow with breadpüree. “I have to learn again how all of this works without nuts,” he acknowledges.
22185	11	It’s not just his nuts, Kolb is now out – his stock of toilet paper is now finally over. “But I still find the item okay, although I’ve used it almost every day.”
22185	13	Today, for the first time in more than two years, he wants to buy clopper again. But just one package. How exciting!”
22185	15	After all, Peter Kolb has learned something from history. “In the future, I’t have to worry so much. Nudels and clopapier were really going to buy all the coronapandemia through. What did I do... how do I please? Could the Ukrainian war lead to any possible disagreements? Sorry, I have to get away quickly, take the supporters from the place and then go to Aldi! Hopefully there are still nuts and clopapers there.by 22186
22186	3	Hamburg (dpo) - Everyone knows: Cruises are bad for the environment. The travel provider TUI Cruises wants to change this now and today celebrated sending the first fully CO2-free Tret cruise ship to Jungfernfahrt.
22186	5	“The ‘My Treat Ship 1’ is the first cruise ship that can be completed without the burning of environmentally harmful shipping diesel,” says TUI spokesman Jens Petralke. “We fully rely on a technology that has been known for decades from trailboats.”
22186	7	Since the ship weighing 111,500 tons is not easy, about 50 percent of all about 3,000 passengers must always enter the pedals under the roof to drive the large shell wheel in the heck.
22186	9	"“It then runs out on two six-hour layers per passenger daily,” Petralke said. ""The rest of the time you can have fun on the roof and enjoy the fresh diesel-free sea air."""
22186	11	Karl (66) and Sabine Römerlein (65) are passengers of the Jungfernfahrt and describe their first impressions. “It’s really good that it’s CO2-free,” says Sabine, as she switches into the pedals. We think of our grandchildren as well. Tell me Karl! You don’t get right with! Now get strict. We’re only three and a half hours and we’re going to arrive in Copenhagen today.”
22186	13	Since the participation does not result in any fuel costs for TUI Cruises, the company, according to its own details, has decided not to take any additional fees for the integrated fitness program.22187
22187	2	by 4. August, Viktor Orbán travels to the United States as a host speaker of the Republican Party. Hungary serves the conservatives as an example of how the political system in the United States could soon work
22187	4	Viktor Orbán is very happy this summer. Only last week the Hungarian Prime Minister in the Romanian Băile Tușnad held a speech in which he spoke of races and mixture; last Thursday he was then in Vienna at the Ballhausplatz with Bundeskanzler Karl Nehammer (ÖVP), where he faithfully did as if he was nothing. This week in Dallas, Texas.
22187	6	Wherever he goes, his mission remains the same. The “great, historic battle” is what drives it, and it does not mean Europe’s relationship with Russia or even China. Orbán’s struggle takes place on the field of “Demography, Migration, Gender”.
22187	8	While the EU Commission is throwing the nose, what is happening in Hungary is very closely monitored abroad. For the US Republicans, the small country is a kind of laboratory. Here the conservative struggle is successfully conducted, and Orbán is a political model. His ideological support could also be for the presidential elections.
22188	1	“My aircraft is driven by wind wheels!” Merz has a climate criticism.
22188	3	Arnsberg (dpo) - After criticism of his private flight from the Sauerland to Christian Lindner's wedding on Sylt, Friedrich Merz is now standing for war: No talk can be about environmental damage and fuel waste, the CDU chief said.
22188	5	"“Maybe all the critics should have just looked at my DA62 more in detail,” Merz said to the Postillon. ""It is driven by two wind wheels that turn wrongly quickly throughout the entire flight."""
22188	7	He has always thought that the Greens would go down to such a total, so Merz. “Is that not right again?”
22188	9	However, in order to get out of such criticism in the future, he will no longer fly to Sylt for the next wedding, but will travel safely with his private cruise ship.22189
22189	3	Munich (dpo) - Sure is sure: Because he fears that Germany's gas reserves will go down in the winter, Munich's Markus Patz has begun to insert gas in his kitchen today.
22189	5	"""You never know how long this will come out of the line,"" the 52-year-old explains, while he fully turns out the valve of his gas. “That’s why I’d rather bunk a little now. Only here in the kitchen fit well and enjoy 20 cubic meters of gas. So I will go through the greatest if the supply collapses.”"
22189	7	He opens a few kitchen boxes and wipes with a piece of carton into the boxes. “I’m also making everything full of caution. Gas doesn’t waste, and much helps a lot.”
22189	9	After about an hour, the gas turns out again. “So, that should be enough. I am very stupid. It is a lot of hard work, I realize.”
22189	11	He got a cigarette in his mouth. Now for the first time a smoking after done work.by 2219
2219	3	In Davos and beyond, NATO’s optimistic story is played like a broken soundtrack that never changes its melody, while Russia is getting victories on the site that could cause the Atlantic order to fall.
2219	5	Three months after the start of the Russian Operation Z in Ukraine, the struggle of the West (12 percent) against the rest (88 percent) continues to rise. But the narrative remains – strangely – the same.
2219	7	"On Monday, the chairman of the World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab, presented in Davos the Ukrainian comedian and president Volodymyr Zelensky at the last stage of his weapons-request tour with a glowing tribute. Mr. Schwab emphasized that an actor who represents a president who defends the Neonazi is supported by ""every Europe and the international order""."
2219	9	This, of course, means everyone except the 88 percent of the planet who confess to the rule of law – and not to the fictional structure that the West calls “rule-based international order”.
2219	11	Back to the real world, Russia has slowly but safely rewrite the art of the hybrid war. However, within the framework of the NATO psychopath carnival, aggressive cognitive infiltration and the surprising media scratch, a lot is about the U.S.’s new $40 billion “help package” for Ukraine, which is supposed to change the war significantly.
2219	13	This “game-changing” story comes from the same people who have burned billions of dollars to secure Afghanistan and Iraq. And we saw how it went out.
2219	15	Ukraine is the Holy Grail of International Corruption. These $40 billion can only do something for two groups of people: first for the U.S. military-industrial complex and second for a crowd of Ukrainian oligarchs and neoconservative non-government organizations that will dominate the black market for weapons and humanitarian aid and then will wash the profits on the Cayman Islands.
2219	17	A quick encryption of the $40 billion shows that $8.7 billion for the U.S. weapons growth (which thus doesn’t go to Ukraine), $3.9 billion for the USEUCOM (the “office” that Kiev dictates the military tactics), $5 billion for a wasted, non-specified “global food supply chain”, $6 billion for actual weapons and “education” for Ukraine, $9 billion for “economic aid” (which will disappear in selected pockets) and $0.9 billion for refugees are planned.
2219	19	U.S. risk agencies have lowered Kiev to the rubbish of non-refundable loans, making large U.S. investment funds leave Ukraine and the European Union (EU) and its member states remain the only option for the country.
2219	21	Only a few of these countries, except the Russian-phobic states such as Poland, can justify before their own people to allow a failed state to provide large amounts of direct aid. Therefore, the Brussels-based EU machinery will have to do enough to keep Ukraine in an economic coma – regardless of any contribution from the Member States and institutions.
2219	23	These EU “credit” – mostly in the form of arms delivery – can be refunded at any time through the wheat exports. This is already done in a small scale through the port of Constanta in Romania, where Ukrainian wheat is delivered in canyons through the Danube and is loaded daily in dozens of cargo ships. Or over truck convois charged with weapons against wheat. However, the Ukrainian wheat will continue to feed the rich West, not the poor Ukrainians.
2219	25	Also, expect that NATO will wait this summer with another monster psyop to defend its divine (not legal) right to enter the Black Sea with war ships to escort Ukrainian wheat carriers. The pro-NATO media will represent this as a “save” of the West from the global food crisis – which was accidentally directly caused by the serial, hysteric packages of Western sanctions.
22190	3	Bonn (dpo) - As more and more large forest fires have made signs in the past few weeks, a new study by the European Forest Institute (EFI) now creates a little hope: therefore, the less and less forests can be burned in the future, the more forests can be burned.
22190	5	“Fire needs food,” says forest fire expert Faustine Deniau. And this food will be eliminated with every forest fire from future forest fires. The forest protects itself, to say, even from burning by not being there anymore.”
22190	7	Until a newly burned piece of forest can catch fire again, generally decades pass. “Therefore, forest fires are also in the long run an excellent fire protection for nature – or what is left of them,” Deniau said.
22190	9	"The dismantling work, on the other hand, is counterproductive from the view of forest fires experts. ""The more forest is'salved' by lacking, the more often it will burn in the long run. No one can want that.by 22191"
22191	3	The purchasing power in Germany continues to decline exponentially. In May, the inflation rate was 7.9 percent higher than the previous month. However, as the peak of the price wave seems not yet to be reached, the Federation and countries in an emergency meeting will probably speak for changes in the inflation protection law until the next weekend. In addition to gas stations and oil supplies, supermarkets will also be declared hotspots. In order to protect the budget of citizens – especially vulnerable groups such as retirees, low-income and Hartz-IV recipients – the conference recommends that the minimum distance of 1.5 meters to tomatoes, garlic and butter should be observed when entering a food business. Already when stepping through the shopping prospectus, it is recommended to wear a medical mask – over the eyes. In addition, the 3G rule will enter into force throughout the country (saving, burning, freezing). For a long time, groups such as the newly formed “Kerschlemmen” movement have announced protests against the planned restrictions. The measurement opponents swallow themselves in a “market dictatorship” and swallow themselves against the “saving force” allegedly long decided by politics.22194
22194	3	Thursday, 7th July 2022
22194	4	“So, now it is enough!Queen regains absolute monarchy
22194	6	London (dpo) - enough is enough! Given the chaotic conditions in British politics, Queen Elizabeth II has. As the 96-year-old announced in a TV speech, the parliamentary monarchy is with immediate effect transformed again into an absolute monarchy.
22194	8	“I’ve seen this ridiculous democracy circus for a long time and I’m not fun,” Queen said in her speech to her subjects. “Scandals, countless withdrawals, cabinet formations, Brexit, suspicions, anticipated elections... It’s enough!”
22194	10	In the future, therefore, the secure hand of the queen will again be determined on all political matters – the parliament is fully shaped by it. The former Prime Minister Boris Johnson, as well as numerous other politicians and ministers, were thrown into the castle by members of the Queen's Guard.
22194	12	"Legally guaranteed is the restoration of the absolute monarchy by an additional article of the Magna Carta. The corresponding passage says: ""(...) if þe Pryme Ministre fucketh uppe majorly, þe Kynge or Qween shall regaine thereupon His or Her powre and rule as in olde tymes (...)"""
22194	14	The introduction speech of the newly-backed monarch revealed numerous innovations in the political orientation of the United Kingdom: thus to be considered as a new foreign policy main objective to restore the territories lost in the Hundred Years War between 1337 and 1453 to the enemy of France – if necessary also with weapons.
22194	16	The former colony of the United States is also intended to return to the shadow of the monarchy as soon as possible. According to the Insiders, negotiations are already ongoing with U.S. President Joe Biden, who has also lost control over his country for some time.
22195	3	Brussels (dpo) - Good news for men from 40! The European Parliament today confirmed that white socks in sandals will be considered sexy in the future. The historic decision was made immediately after the decision to promote nuclear power and gas as sustainable.
22195	5	"“Sorry, but how can you not find it hot?""Spanish EVP member Iker Espinoza said while he raised a foot to show his tennis socks wearing in sandals. “It is time for Europe to recognize that. For a long time, sneaker or flipflop fans want to determine what’s sexy and what’s not.”"
22195	7	"The current decision is the coronation of a long campaign: Large socks and sandals manufacturers have been committed for years to ensure that the European Union recognizes the erotic attraction of the clothing combination in the so-called ""Sexynomy Act""."
22195	9	In practice, classification of white socks in sandals as sexy means that socks in sandals must be taken into account in the future when giving public compliments.
22195	11	In the coming months, the EU Commission will also include Pizza Hawaii as a delicious, Zyankali as a healthy, and Cat Gold as a precious metal.
22197	3	Friday 1st. July 2022
22197	4	Is it magic? Measuring opponents and supporters are fully confirmed by Corona Expert Council
22197	6	Berlin (dpo) - Finally the experts give them right! Following the presentation of the up-to-date assessment of the coronate measures by the Expert Council of the Federal Government, both the measurement mixers and the measurement supporters are fully confirmed by the report each.
22197	8	"""I think this can only be explained by magic or a breakthrough in space-time continuum,"" media scientist Martina Engelbert said. Just a few seconds after the evaluation was announced, tens of thousands of people on the media and social networks agreed that they see their views 100% confirmed by the Corona Expert Council."
22197	10	"So, for example, the measure critical ""Bild"" newspaper immediately explained that the expert council has declared all measures almost ineffective (Corona key for ""Team Care""). "
22197	12	“How can both fit?“He asked Engelbert. “In the end, only metaphysical explanations are in question.”
22197	14	The scientist expects that in the future several assessment religious communities will be formed, which will explain the statements of the group similarly to the Bible and lead to brief or long crossroads.222
222	3	This attempt of reconciliation would hardly have entrusted the controversial Pontifex, according to his divisive statements in the Coronacrisis. In an interview with the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera, Pope Francis first criticized NATO provocations. He wants to commit to the end of the war – and therefore it is also the opinion that he should first talk to Putin before he will travel to Selensky to Kiev. Of the exhaust and the many arms supplies, the bishop of Rome has little concern.
222	4	“NATO balls” as a provocation for the attack
222	6	The born Argentine, who has been sitting on the Holy See since 2013, is sure that a wooden shell alone cannot burn. He told the Italian newspaper, “Maybe it was NATO’s bull before the gates of Russia that caused Putin to enter Ukraine. I can’t say if his anger was provoked, but I suspect the West’s attitude has favoured him.” At the same time, he believes that the right of the Ukrainians to defend themselves is compatible with the Catholic social doctrine.
222	8	However, he tried to come to a common name with Kirill, the Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church. This defended in the first half of the 40-minute video conference of the two church heads the justifications for the Russian “special operation,” as Moscow calls the armed conflict in the neighboring country. Here the Pope criticized himself: “Brother, we are not state clergy. We cannot speak the language of politics, but those of Jesus.”
222	9	International interests: Third World War threatens
222	11	This connects the unconditional mission of the organized Christianity to engage for the end of the war: “We must find ways toward peace.” What the Pope regrets: For in his opinion, the conflict can only be ended by conversations. So he repeated his offer – without too much hope: “We are pushing forward, although I am afraid that Putin can’t and will not have this meeting at the moment.”
222	13	But the first way would lead to Russia – that’s why Francis is now out of a trip to Kiev: “First I have to go to Moscow, first I have to meet Putin.” He warned of the outbreak of a world war. His predecessors also find themselves elsewhere: “We are moving towards a Third World War. In Syria, in Yemen, in Iraq, in Africa, a conflict rises to the other. And in that one of them international interests are at stake.”In the current Ukraine war, “other states” would have launched the escalation.
222	14	Few people dare to protest opposition.
222	16	In the past few weeks, Pope Francis has already spoken against the extortion and war struggle – but never so clearly. This time he openly criticized the arms industry as well as both sides of the war: “What seems uncontroversial is that both sides are testing new weapons. The Russians have just discovered that tanks are useless and may develop new weapons. “War is also conducted so that conflict parties can test their arsenals.”
222	18	This is already historically demonstrated – for example in the Spanish Civil War (1936-39) or in the Second World War (1939-45). For Francis, the war is a terrible move: “The production and sale of weapons is a shame. The fact that he called the escalation in Ukraine only recently as “brother war” brought him a lot of criticism in the east-European country. About 6 percent of Ukrainians, especially in the West, are Catholics. The church that dominates there follows the Byzantine Rite, but is subject to Roman law.
2220	1	New pipeline: Turkey and Israel want to release Europe from Putin gas
2220	3	Behind closed doors, Israel and Turkey will negotiate a new natural gas project to “liberate Europe from Putin’s clown.” For Turkey, the project is another step towards an influential energy keyboard. For the project operators in Israel it brings good money. Europe will have little of it. The expected supply amounts are too small and the construction will take years. In any case, Europe should be cut off from Putin’s gas by all means. This is behind the massive efforts of the U.S. to control Europe’s energy supply. Pipelines play an important role.
2220	5	Specifically, it is about the Leviathan oil field, on the coast of Israel. From there an underwater pipeline will go to Turkey and from there supply gas to neighboring southern European countries. Leviathan is operated by American Chevron and Israel NewMed Energy as well as Ratio Oil. The promotion started after some difficulties, among others. environmental concerns at the end of 2019. The pipeline currently supplies natural gas to Israel, Jordan and Egypt. It is planned to increase annual production from 12 to 21 billion cubic meters and export this amount to Europe. Considering that the European Union receives 155 billion cubic meters of natural gas from Russia annually and that this amount accounts for only 40 percent of its consumption, it becomes clear that the possible natural gas pipeline between Israel and Turkey only significantly reduces Russia’s dependence.
2220	7	"The project is surprising because the Turkish-Israeli relations are not necessarily friendly. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan wants to change this. He said the gas cooperation is “one of the most important joint steps for bilateral relations.” He is ready to send high-ranking ministers to Israel to rebuild the long-standing pipeline idea. However, the construction of the pipeline would take years. Israel’s energy minister, Karine Elharrar, said that many issues, including financial issues, have not yet been discussed. The project needs to be economically sustainable, that is not ""certain"" at the moment. The industry is also skeptical. She is concerned that the project could fall into the water due to production restrictions and geopolitical problems."
2220	9	Turkey needs 50 billion cubic meters of natural gas annually and imports almost all fossil fuels from Russia and Azerbaijan through pipelines. Due to its geopolitical position, it is in a favourable position as a natural gas distribution base. Relations with Putin are neutral. In 2016, the two countries decided to build the TurkStream pipeline. It leads from Russia through Turkey to a terminal on the Black Sea coast and is connected to Bulgaria. Since the beginning of 2020, gas will flow to Sofia. The pipeline runs around Ukraine as a transit route for deliveries to Europe. The EU and the United States are unpleasant about it. Of course, it makes sense for Turkey to get cheap gas from Russia, but it will probably be linked to conditions, he said. And that could become a problem for the EU, it said from Brussels.
2220	11	The U.S. plays a key role in deciding on pipeline projects. It has already blocked or blocked some projects. Because Europe should remain under U.S. control to prevent the emergence of an Eurasian economic blockade together with the hated, resource-rich Russia. That would make the United States a geopolitical dwarf. In early April, U.S. Secretary Victoria Nuland declared during a visit to Greece that the signed mature pipeline project EastMed between Israel, Cyprus and Greece was meaningless and too long. We need the gas now, it’s about a “green future” and we need to use liquid gas (LNG). Where it is going to come is clear: by a blind tank over the Atlantic at a price that is far above Russian gas. Negotiations on the 1,900 km pipeline, which the EU would have cost many billion euros, began in 2014. It had led from the Mediterranean coast of Israel to Cyprus and from there supplied gas to Greece and Italy. It should be signed in January 2020. But Brussels was skeptical about whether it could be done. The United States has spoken a word of power.
2220	13	Even the NordStream2 pipeline, which Germany should have supplied twice the amount of Russian gas per year, was not allowed to be “certified” by Germany on the order of the United States under the prejudice of “sanktions” in February of the year. Russia has recognized Donetsk and Luhansk as independent republics in the Donbass. For this “shandat” Putin has to repent. In fact, the German citizens must eliminate the Western sanctions directed by the United States. They should rather freeze and the economy is sent down. This is the case.2221
2221	3	Of course, the Western media does not report about it, because then many of their lies would break down. Thus, the Prankster have shown that Western media like Bloomberg is not independent of the government, but spreads lies on behalf of their government if necessary. This is not a joke, the details can be found here.
2221	5	In a telephone conversation with the OSCE chairman, the franksters discovered that the OSCE is no longer a neutral organization, but has long become a Western instrument. In another conversation, U.S. representatives openly plaudged how they support radical oppositionists in Russia to enable a regime change in Moscow, which the U.S. is now again widely discussing. The U.S. government’s foolishness could not be quoted by the Western media without commenting if their readers knew about the telephone call.
2221	7	Norbert Röttgen has already been invaded by the Russian boys. This seemed to be so shameful to him that he made sure that YouTube no longer shows the video in Germany while it was still available outside Germany. At least this lasted so long until YouTube completely deleted the channel in which the Prankster posted the video.
2221	9	Now the boys hit again and this time their victim was the former U.S. President George Bush Junior. Bush was very open because he thought he would talk to Ukrainian President Selensky. Bush has accepted many things that he’t tell journalists. Currently, the most important thing is that Bush has openly confirmed the existence of the U.S. bio-weapon labs in Ukraine, while the U.S. government denies their existence and in the West is spoken by Russian propaganda. Is Bush a Russian propagandist?
2221	11	Of course, no one asks this question, because the western “quality media” are faithful accomplishers of American politics, it may even be so humane. In order to prevent such unpleasant questions from being asked in the West, the alleged objective, critical and independent western “quality media” are hiding the whole story short by their readers and viewers.
2222	3	It is not to the West, but the President of Poland openly spoke in a speech about Poland’s ambitions to annex parts of Western Ukraine.
2222	5	"I have already that in Russia it has been that there are ambitions in Poland to occupy parts of the West Ukraine, which Poland considers its historic possessions. Poland wants to send ""peace forces"" to Ukraine, but the United States has clearly stated that in the event of a collision with the Russian military, Poland does not need to hope for NATO protection, because it would not be a Russian attack on Poland if Poland invades Ukraine."
2222	7	About this and many other interesting details the Russian television on Sunday in its weekly news review and I translated the Russian report on the topic. 2223
2223	3	The Russian army, according to Moscow, has simulated an attack with nuclear-powered missiles during an exercise in Königsberg. In Lithuania, the Baltic is seen as the first target of tactical nuclear weapons.
2223	5	About 100 soldiers simulated an “electronic launch” of the mobile ballistic missile system Iskander, which can launch nuclear missiles, the Defense Ministry in Moscow on 4 May. According to reports, the armed forces practiced how to attack the military targets of an imaginary enemy and how to respond to a reward blow. Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly signaled since the beginning of the war against Ukraine that he is ready to use Russian tactical nuclear weapons. At the end of February, Russia sent its nuclear forces to an increased alert alert. The head of the Kremlin has also warned of “lightly fast” compensation measures if the West directly interferes in the conflict with Ukraine. In recent days, Russian state television has been increasingly trying to make the use of nuclear weapons in the public saloonable. “For two weeks we’ve heard from our television shows that we have to open nuclear missile missile heads,” Russian journalist and Nobel Peace Prize winner Dmitry Muratov said.
2223	7	A limited nuclear war in 2022.
2223	9	In Lithuania, we wonder why this exercise took place in the Russian Exlave Königsberg, where this exlave does not even make up 0.1 percent of the territory of Russia, especially because it is considered certain that in serious cases the Russian armed forces would not shoot the missiles to Ukraine from this area. Because then they should at least partially overflow the NATO airspace and could therefore cause the defence incident. Even in this case, it is not believed in Lithuania that the U.S. or the United Kingdom with tactical nuclear weapons directly starts a counterattack against the Königsberg Territory or against another place in Russia, because this will undoubtedly lead to an escalation.
2223	11	According to the previously known war scenarios, a tactical nuclear attack on Russian military facilities is more likely to be questioned by the closest ally of Russia, Belarus. In January, Belarus had already called on Putin to reinstall nuclear weapons, although the country, together with Ukraine and Kazakhstan, had renounced nuclear weapons in the 1994 Budapest Memorandum. The National Security Council of the U.S. considers a nuclear refund not for military purposes, but for political reasons. The United States, as the first nuclear power, would demonstrate that it has a special responsibility for the development of this weapon and as the first power it has used, even today as a global power center. Only if Putin responded to this nuclear reward attack against Belarus, a nuclear overkill would be possible.
2223	13	In fact, the probability of a real nuclear war is now not as high as since the Cuba crisis. The events in Ukraine show that Putin makes decisive decisions based on a completely wrong perception of the actual situation. This increases the risk of nuclear escalation. The U.S. military took a long time to reach the Russian Defense Minister Sergey Schojgu or Chief General Valery Gerassimov in a serious case. The mysterious movements of the Russian government aircraft and the disappearance of Schojgu and Gerasimov from the public have already been interpreted by some experts in Lithuania as part of the preparations for a nuclear attack.
2225	3	I have repeatedly pointed out that Vladimir Putin has great similarities to George W. Bush. Putin was an intermediate light at the KGB, Bush comes from a CIA family (Skull & Bones). Both became popular only after the scenes of terror attacks, both led a brutal “war against Islamic terror.” Bush had Bin Laden, Putin had Shamil Bassaev. Both were marketed with a cowboy image and a farmer image. Bush was AWOL at that time. Putin has no military experience. Bush had the Patriot Act and the Military Commissions Act. There was a massive legal exacerbation under Putin. Both had established systems behind them.
2225	5	There were “alternative” media that appeared as anti-war media against Bush and the United States, but at the same time made more and more advertising for the Bush clone Putin. The alternative media acted in relation to Russia similarly to the neo-conservative Republican media in the U.S. acted in favor of the Bush administration. And now the war is there. This is now linked to the alternative media. They played poker and lost.2226
2226	3	 Omikron is the name of the Corona variant, which currently causes massive concerns in politics, media and the population. However, gradually the data is increasing, following which possible diseases go mildly. Virologist Klaus Stöhr even sees the end of the pandemic coming. 
2226	5	Sud-African scientists had hardly informed the world about the identification of the variant B.1.1.529, the Board of Directors of the World Association of Doctors, Frank Ulrich Montgomery, also caught a comparison between the omicron-touched variant and the equally rare and extremely life-threatening infectious disease Ebola. Federal Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach knew to report earlier December that “the Omikron variant is dangerous for children.”
2226	7	"It was the expert Prof. Klaus Stöhr der Lauterbach opposed: ""From my perspective there are no findings from the preliminary data that even approximately allow the conclusion that children would be affected by severe transmissions in Omikron."""
2226	9	"Parallelly, especially South African doctors warned in view of the usually obviously mild pathologies after an omicron infection from the beginning to an unjustified ""hysteria"". The South African doctor and chairman of the South African Medical Association Dr. Angelique Coetzee also warned:"
2226	11	    “When we overreact, we are at risk of missing the advantages of a variant that could be a friend rather than an enemy.”
2226	13	Since then, more and more in this country is the discovery that Omikron may actually result in milder infection processes compared to the Delta variant. But only the sharp number of positive tests due to the even more easily transmitted trigger could destroy this encouraging shimmer of hope and thus lead to a overload of hospital capacities.
2226	15	At N-TV, Prof. Klaus Stöhr showed himself convinced in this context:
2226	17	    “It is going to the end of the pandemic.” 
2226	19	The hospitalization rate in Omikron moves to approximately the same height compared to the Delta variant – despite a significantly higher transmission rate, the renowned virologist and epidemiologist said. In South Africa, but also in the UK, studies indicate that “approximately four times more cases of omicron occur, but at the same time only a quarter of so many people are hospitalized.” Despite increasing incidences, the “pressure on the hospitals” remains the same.
2226	21	    “Therefore, I would feel good if the reporting is not only talking about the increasing cases – that are often mild diseases, asymptomatic – but also being at the same time, as in Germany now the trend is, the pressure on the intensive stations decreases, the hospitalization rate goes down.” 
2226	23	It is handled, is Stöhr convinced to get good news. In fact, the hospitalization rate should solve the 7-day incidence as an indicator for the corona testimony in Germany and from now on to the crucial for the infection or infection. cancellation of appropriate measures. The United States and the United States agreed on this in mid-November.
2226	25	The so-called hospitalization incidence indicates how many people per 100,000 inhabitants need to be treated for corona in the hospital. Despite the decrease in the number of hospitals, however, the measures to protect the health of the population have been strengthened since then. Additionally, reports indicate a severe distortion of hospitalization incidence.
2226	27	"Thus, research in the world on Sunday last promoted ""misunderstandings"" between clinics and the Robert Koch Institute (RKI) to day when it comes to the question of how many ""Corona patients"" COVID-19 actually represented the main diagnosis and how many it was just a subdiagnosis. As a result, the confusion led to ""a overestimation of the hospitalization incidence""."
2226	29	"According to Stöhr, it is now about planning the further steps in the pandemic fight ""very reasonably"". Based on current studies on Omikron, it is now appropriate to adjust its own policy in the areas of quarantine and contact restrictions. “The search is, of course, not an option,” Stöhr says."
2226	31	    “We need to keep thinking about contact reduction. The disease burden needs to be reduced.”
2226	33	However, it is crucial to deal with the current situation of a “most human-adjusted virus” – even in the background of the not significant vaccine rate and a “natural immunization.”
2226	35	"For Stöhr it is about focusing on ""the numbers and facts"" and less on ""emotions"" and assumptions that he has also registered on ""government page"". Currently there is no indication of an exacerbation of the situation on the hospitals’ intensive stations, either from Germany or from the neighbouring countries."
2227	3	Water shortages and drought are among the biggest challenges faced by humanity today. As a result of global warming, the destruction of ecosystems and the devastating industrial and agricultural practices, billions of people will live in water-warm areas in the coming years. At least 26 million people are currently struggling for food after consecutive bad rainfall on the Horn of Africa. The moisture conditions in North Kenya, a majority of Somalia and South Ethiopia are expected to last until at least mid-2022, requiring human lives. The situation is already so bad that hundreds of wild animals die and pastors report losses of up to 70% of their livestock. 
2227	5	Even a look at the latest tracks darkly reminds that South Africa is on the forefront of a global water crisis. While golf courses and hotel facilities flourish with green grass, the poor population suffers from water deficiency. Many countries worldwide suffer from a water crisis, 17 countries are close to the “Day Zero”, but nonewhere it will be as clear as in Africa – whoever can afford water will get it too. By 2025, two-thirds of the world’s population will live in a waterproof region, including Europe. Over the next century, the likelihood of cross-border conflicts by water could increase by 95%. The increasing degree of environmental pollution, the constantly growing population and climate change, together, are far from the optimal conditions in which we can survive. The chances of survival sound disappointing. 
2227	7	Considering the uncertain future access to clean drinking water, one of the many questions we ask ourselves is at the heart: “Is drinking water a good or a human right?” The stock exchange has declared the “Blue Gold” as a commodity because the rights to water are traded like oil, wheat and soya at Wall Street in the US on the futures market. The war for the water has begun.2228
2228	3	“Western propaganda has failed,” the Kremlin said. Shortly after the media reports indicated that a Russian invasion in Ukraine was ongoing, Moscow announced to withdraw all troops from the border, and then claimed that the “Western propaganda” was failed.
2228	5	Inspired by the Biden government, large news agencies such as the Sun that the invasion was planned for tomorrow, with a “massive missile attack” planned, along with 200,000 soldiers ready.
2228	7	But within a few hours it seemed as if the media had jumped the news.
2228	9	Major General Igor Konaschenkov announced that he would begin with the withdrawal of all Russian troops from the border region.
2228	11	“When the armed forces complete their military exercises, they will, as usual, take a multimodal march back to their permanent bases,” Konashenkov said.
2228	13	“The divisions of the military districts South and West have completed their tasks and have already begun with the load of rail and motor transport and will begin with the withdrawal to their military garnisons today.”
2228	15	Russia also published videos that show how weapons are loaded in railway wagons on the way back home.
2228	17	Kremlin officials assessed the withdrawal as proof of a propaganda victory against the United States and NATO.
2228	19	Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said: “The 15th February 2022 will come into history as the day the western war propaganda has failed,” she wrote, adding that the West “was shameful and destroyed without giving a single shot.”
2228	21	White House’s national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, told CNN on Sunday that the intelligence agency said “a larger military action” could “begin every day.”
2228	23	Ukrainian President Wolodymyr Selensky had also stated that the 16. February, the day the Biden government claimed that Russia planned an invasion, would be a national “Day of Unity”.(A war with Russia would be different from everything the US and NATO have ever experienced.)
2228	25	The comments were then captured by U.S. media and published without an unce of skepticism, which led to an outsourcing on the stock markets and a rise on gold and raw oil.
2228	27	Selensky was then forced to reverse and claim that his comments were said “with irony”.
2228	29	“Hystery” about Russia’s attack on Ukraine – Lawrow speaks of “information terrorism”
2228	31	According to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lawrow, Russian armed forces are scheduled to return to their permanent stationations – regardless of the western “hystery” in relation to a alleged invasion of Ukraine. According to him, this topic is called “information terrorism”.
2228	33	"The Russian Foreign Minister said on Tuesday at a meeting with Polish Foreign Minister and the Executive Chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), Zbigniew Rau, that Russia will carry out military exercises “on its own territory” and “on its own plans” accordingly.“What can you not understand? What's unclear here?""Putin's settlement with NATO warriors! (The video )"
2228	35	“They start, go and end as planned. We’ve talked about it several times,” Lawrow said.
2228	37	The same applies to the exercises in the west of the country, in the Far East or to the joint Russian-Belarusian exercises, which would also be developed and carried out strictly according to a previously agreed schedule.
2228	39	“And this happens regardless of who and what he thinks, who and how he operates hysteria in this regard, who and how he discovers a real information terrorism,” the Russian Foreign Minister said.
2228	41	Moreover, Lawrow refused the reports from the West that Russia uses the Russian-Belarusian exercises for a “attack on Kiev” from the north and its “evasion” as “speculations”. He explained that these “paranoid scenarios” were repeatedly published in the media – “and in the serious.”
2228	43	“Obviously the excitement and urgency that the directors and screenwriters felt all of these actions have dominated the media as well,” Lawrow said.
2229	3	It is not only about preventing attacks in the context of the Corona crisis, it is about breaking down this framework. When health becomes German obsession, the modern economic, political and cultural substance of the country is lost.
2229	5	In the middle of March, it is the second time the Corona crisis begins in Germany. “Only two years?” some will wonder, because it feels much longer. This is because this crisis is a constant step-by-step, with increasingly new approaches to the solution, which will then be rejected again as insufficient. An endless, hopeless building. How was it at the beginning?
2229	7	The photographs of Bettina Hagen (Tichy's View 5/2020) show the lost streets in Hamburg. The first Lock Down. It is a spontanic fate. At that time, the real danger of the virus was not estimated. It could not be excluded that it was a highly infectious, deadly virus, comparable to the Ebola virus. Is there a new pest threatened? It was understood that this situation caused great fears. The willingness to take extreme protective measures was great. The Italian “Bergamo” with its overwhelmed hospitals, where many times in vain for the lives of people, and the transport of the dead on trucks – these pictures were in our minds.
2229	9	What has happened since then? In the whole range of events, actions and experiences, two major lines can be recognized: First, the virus has proved to be less dangerous than it was feared at first. On the other hand, the protective measures did not go back to the same scale. The corona danger was not reinserted into the normality of life. Until today, the economy, the state and the culture, the public life and the human life do not come back to their independence and free development.
2229	11	And even talking about Corona doesn’t find – despite the knowledge of the limited danger of the virus and despite the development of dangerous vaccines – out of the extreme language of the first weeks. Still, from individual phenomena, enormous “waves” are being constructed that threaten to dull the whole country. So our country has been transformed into a Corona defense camp. Wealth, beauty, generosity and self-initiative were sacrificed. Some few “experts” have been presenting the tactic of the whole country for two years – you may hardly believe it.
223	3	This clothing is as obvious as it can only be, and shows that the government is no longer worried about what people think about their totalitarianism, so it is apparently no longer necessary to hide their true agenda.
223	5	Bidens marionette players have found themselves basically as the tyrants they have always been, with this new DHS department that claims to fight “desinformation” on the Internet. What they really mean, of course, is that the expression of the truth will soon be criminalized.
223	7	For some, the truth is already criminalized (e.g. by Edward Snowden. For many others it will soon be obvious that anything that does not match political correctness is prohibited in the country of the free.
223	9	The witch hunt against the truth has taken the right way after the election of Donald Trump as president in 2020. Suddenly, everything that the conservatives said and believed was called “Russian disinformation” and the Kremlin was held responsible for Trump’s victory.
223	11	Now we have Hunter's father, and the anti-Russia hostility is in full course, as well as the federal government's crucifixion against everything its official history puts into question on a particular matter.
223	13	GREENWALD: The label “desinformation” is just a cover for authoritarian censorship under a new name
223	15	“The same strategic motivation – the accusation of ‘desinformation’ with the incentive of expertise – has created a new, very well-financed industry that calls itself ‘anti-desinformation’ scientists,” Glenn Greenwald explains on Substack.
223	17	“Because Americans have been vaccinated from childhood that censorship is malicious – that it is the mark of tyrannia – those who want to censorship have to find some distorting reason to justify and hide what it is.”
223	19	Big Tech and Big Government are both on an anti-truth crossroads
223	21	Over the years, there have been many different government censorship programs, many of which have benevolent names such as “The Atlantic Council” and “Institute for Strategic Dialogue”.
223	23	“Fact check” is another form of censorship that has emerged in recent years, also with the aim of suppressing the truth by calling it a “desinformation” brand market.
223	25	Just as the media corporations have renamed their party experts as “facts reviewers” in order to blame their opinions as high, unpolitical, authority decrees of expertise, the term “desinformation experts” is intended to hide ideological opinions on behalf of state and entrepreneurial power centers as the official truth,” Greenwald says.
223	27	“But if these groups are subjected to a minimum investigative examination, it is found that they are all other than unpolitical and neutral. They are often funded by the same small handful of liberal billionaires (such as George Soros and Pierre Omidyar), by U.S., UK or EU state security agencies and/or by big-tech monopolies like Google and Facebook.”
223	29	The idea that institutional authorities are the only instance to find the truth is fraudulent. It officially gives the propagandists sounding titles and makes them appear as experts while they are actually there to distract people from truth and critical thinking.
223	31	The fact that mainstream media constantly calls on “former intelligence staff” throughout the Trump administration is an example of how fraud works. It is an appeal to a false authority, what the Biden regime is doing now with its disinformation council.
223	33	“There is no imaginable circumstance under which a domestic prosecution authority such as the DHS should claim the power to decree truth and falsehood,” Greenwald warns.
223	35	“The U.S. Security State staff is not specialized in combating disinformation. The opposite is the case: they are trained professional lawyers whose task is to raise and spread desinformation.”
2231	1	Ukraine War: The Duchy Desire to Do Good and Equal
2231	3	After the deaths of Butscha, NATO troops are being sent to Ukraine. 
2231	5	Why do historians still mystery how the First World War came? Where the solution is so close.
2231	7	It is easy to understand that it is hard to understand how it could happen that in the summer of 1914 half of Europe fell into a war, of which it believed it had ended at the latest in Christmas, and in which each side was firmly convinced to move into the field against the tyrannia of the evil men. And then, in 1917, the awakening on a continent in shrimp and in civil wars against which the ‘Great War’, as it was called, should be harmless, and in economic crises that have entered into the collective memory deeper than pests, cholera and ‘Spanish flu’. 
2231	9	We feel right again, we may even be right again. So we ask to send troops to Ukraine. Like we sent fighter aircraft to Afghanistan and troops. It is also a matter of right, as it can be said today after the Taliban took power. I could say tomorrow again. 
2231	11	The Hybris of the West. to spread the good. A comprehensible hybrid. Every hybrid is understandable. First of all the good.
2231	13	What if it really comes to the outside? The central, the only question is: was the First World War worth not living in Berlin as in Paris, in Moscow as in Vienna, in New York as in Budapest? And even today it is surprising to hear how few people moved to Zurich or to Bern at that time. 
2231	15	Is not a life like in Moscow worth risking another Great War? Yes, that is it. Only: It is not so far yet.
2231	17	The images from Ukraine are calming. Not from Butscha. They show that the Ukraine war is a war like any other, with propaganda and the threat against civilians. A ruler who is willing to lie the world over weeks and then puts his troops into a peaceful neighborhood will also let civilians be defeated. Only it is not sure. Threatened may also lie. 
2231	19	The Ukrainian soldiers are calming. No purchased figures that are only out on the monthly salary of a liberator to supply their clan. There is no overlapping that you need to take with you after the discharge. They are real soldiers from a country that is ready to fight for and for its freedom. This has been since 24. February is fixed.
2231	21	And there is no need for the troops of the good from the West, nor from the Middle West. The Ukrainians rejected the Russians from Kiev and also from Kharkiv. Therefore, a general staff may still swadron from the planned withdrawal for so long. Even the propaganda, understandable propaganda, because a defeat feels bad. And even Mariupol has kept since the day when his case has been prophetic. 
2231	23	Let Ukraine fight this battle alone. Without leaving them alone. We provide while their men fight, Ukrainian women and children. We deliver weapons. But it is not enough to put Putin's war on the ground. Tanks and bombs are distributed only with violence and not with calls.
2231	25	Europe has experienced a lot of war. It doesn’t need an even neglected and self-confident of the good outlined fourth. And there is no need for another war in which it fights for others. Let us give the Ukrainians the victory over the Russians, which they are fighting alone. Then they will fulfill their desire for freedom. A freedom that the country and its people after 100 years of foreign domination deserve more than literally. 
2231	27	But we can’t say that we’ve brought freedom. As we wanted to bring freedom to Afghanistan. in Iraq. to Egypt. We are proud of ourselves to lead wars for freedom. We are proud of what we do not give to others. 2234
2234	3	The only countermeasure to propaganda fraud is the scary voices of reason, which are randomly Russian and are therefore put to silence and/or rejected.
2234	5	Especially since the beginning of the GWOT (Global War on Terror) at the beginning of the millennium, no one has lost money when he has worshipped against the toxic combination of hybridity, arrogance and ignorance, which is used serially by the Empire of Chaos and Lies.
2234	7	What goes through in the extended intellectual flight ban zone, known as the U.S. Think Tankland, as “analysis”, includes desire thoughts, such as that Beijing “thinks,” Moscow would play a supporting role in the Chinese century, just to see Russia now on the geopolitical driver’s seat.
2234	9	This is not only a good example of the obvious Russian-phobic/sinophobic paranoia with regard to the appearance of equal competitors in Eurasia – the Uranus-born Anglo-American nightmare – but also a sharp ignorance of the subtles of the complex comprehensive strategic partnership between Russia and China.
2234	11	While Operation Z methodically enters Phase 2, the Americans have – with insistence – also launched their symmetrical Phase 2, which de facto resembles a fair escalation towards Total War, from hybrid to glowing shades, all of course through the representatives. The famous Raytheon arms dealer and current Pentagon chief Lloyd Austin presented the direction of the march in Kiev:
2234	13	“We want to weaken Russia so much that it can’t do the things it did when it invaded Ukraine.”
2234	15	That’s what the Empire wants to destroy Russia. This was also the case with the unlimited arms supplies of War Inc. to Ukraine, which in its overwhelming majority is intended to be extended by Russian accuracy strikes.
2234	17	The Americans exchange with Kiev around the hour information not only about the Donbass and the Crimea, but also about the Russian territory. The total war takes place parallel to the planned controlled destruction of the EU economy, with the European Commission gladly acting as a kind of PR arm of NATO in the midst of propaganda dementia and acute cognitive dissonance that spreads throughout the NATO sphere, the few voices of reason, which are randomly Russian, are the only countermeasures and are therefore put to silence and/or dismissed. The West ignores it on its own collective danger.
2234	19	Patruschew makes Triple-X unplugged
2234	21	Let’s start with President Putin’s speech before the Council of Legislatives in St. Petersburg on the occasion of the Day of Russian Parliamentarism.
2234	23	Putin demonstrated how a hardly new “geopolitical weapon” based on “Russophobia and Neonazism” accompanied by efforts to “economic strangulation” not only failed to catch Russia, but in the collective subconsciousness anchored the feeling of an existential conflict: a “second great patriotic war”.
2234	25	In the light of the overwhelming hysteria at all levels, a message to an empire that still refuses to be heard and that does not even understand the meaning of “unsharedness of security” must be inevitable:
2234	27	“I want to emphasize again that if someone intends to interfere with the event from the outside and express strategic threats that are unacceptable to Russia, he should know that our repentance strikes will be bright. We have all the tools for it. Those with whom no one can be proud. And we will not glorify it. We will use them when necessary. And I want everyone to know this – we have made all the decisions on this issue.”
2234	29	The constant provocations may cause Mr. Kinzhal, Mr. Zircon and Mr. Sarmat to present their visit cards in selected western widths, even without an official invitation.
2234	31	For the first time since the start of Operation Z, Putin has distinguished between the military operations in the Donbass and the rest of Ukraine. This is directly related to the ongoing integration of Cherson, Saporoshje and Charkow and means that the Russian armed forces will continue to go further and build sovereignty not only over the People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, but also over Cherson, Saporoshje and further on the way from the Azov Sea to the Black Sea to the complete control of Nikolaev and Odessa.
2234	33	The formula is clear: “Russia cannot allow the creation of anti-Russia territories throughout the country.”2235
2235	3	In March 2021, the Munich Security Conference, in collaboration with a U.S. security organization, carried out a plan that simulated an outbreak of apples in 2022. A few months later, a U.S. vaccine was released for the European market. And now, “surprisingly” more and more cases of apple puppets are dying up. Plandemia or Plandemia?
2235	5	Planning, Vaccine Development and Explosion:
2235	7	In November 2021, the U.S. Security Organization “Nuclear Threat Initiative” (NTI) published a report entitled “Strengthening Global Systems to Prevent and Respond to High-Consequence Biological Threats”. This report summarizes the results of the 2021 Tabletop exercise, which was carried out in partnership with the Munich Security Conference. In this exercise, the “Nuclear Threat Initiative” (NTI) simulated an outbreak of apples in 2022.
2235	9	According to Euronews, almost simultaneously, a U.S. company, with the support of the U.S. government, developed a new vaccine against pockets, which has now been released for Europe. And now suddenly cases of apple pockets emerge in many countries. “In politics, nothing happens randomly. If something happens, you can be sure that it was planned in this way,” said U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt. This impression could also be obtained if you deal with the coronavirus, the pig flu, and now the apes.
2235	11	Already before the alleged Corona pandemic, similar planning games were carried out. One of the most well-known plan games was the global exercise Event 201, in which the outbreak of a new coronavirus was simulated already in 2019. A few months later, such an outbreak actually occurred. It’s only a coincidence or a plandemia?
2236	3	Two studies now suggest that the circulating apple puppy virus was manipulated in a biolaboratory.
2236	5	Recently, we that in a study published by the Portuguese Institute of Health, abnormal mutations were found in the allegedly circulating apple puppy virus, indicating that it was manipulated and processed in a biolaboratory. Now a second study has been published that supports this theory.
2236	7	The apple disease usually begins with fever, before an outbreak develops one to five days later, which often starts in the face and then spreads to other parts of the body. The outbreak changes and passes through different stages, before it eventually forms a scorpion that later falls down. A person is infectious until the whole scorpion is dropped and under it is a healed skin.
2236	9	The disease has always been extremely rare and was first detected in humans in the 1970s in the Democratic Republic of Congo in a 9-year-old boy. Since then, in 11 African countries, cases of apples have been in humans. It was only in 2003 that the first outbreak of apples was recorded outside of Africa, in the United States, and the disease has never been detected simultaneously in several countries.
2236	11	until now.
2236	13	A new study published by the Portuguese National Institute of Health has provided evidence that the virus, which is responsible for the outbreak of apples in Europe, America and Australia, was strongly manipulated by scientists in a laboratory, and further evidence suggests that it was deliberately released.
2236	15	The study was on 23. Published in May 2022 and can be viewed here.
2236	17	Scientists of the NIH gathered between 15 and 17. May 2022 clinical samples of 9 apple puppy patients and analyzed them.
2236	19	The scientists came to the conclusion that the cross-country outbreak of apples we are now supposedly experiencing is most likely due to a single origin, as all previously published sequenced viruses are close to each other.
2236	21	They also came to the conclusion that the virus belongs to the West African clay of apple puppy viruses. However, they found that it is closest related to the apple puppy viruses that were exported from Nigeria in 2018 and 2019 to several countries, namely to the UK, Israel and Singapore.
2236	23	Although the virus is very similar to the 18/19 viruses exported from Nigeria, it differs significantly with more than 50 single-nucleotid polymorphisms (SNPs), i.e. genetic variations.
2236	25	Richard Neher, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Basel, has publicly claimed in the mainstream media that –
2236	27	    Based on normal evolutionary schedules, scientists would expect a virus like apples to capture so many mutations in 50 years, not in four years. This is already remarkable.
2236	29	Now a second study was published in which something was found in the alleged genome of the virus that should not be there.
2236	31	The authors of the study are Jean-Claude Perez and Valère Lounnas from the European Laboratory for Molecular Biology. The study has the title “May 2022: Peculiar Evolution of the Monkeypox Virus Genomes(link is external)”.
2236	33	The scientists compare the development of 14 genoms of the apple puppy virus with the aim of discovering mutations or other viral developments (recombination) that could explain the sudden outbreak of this very weakly circulating epidemic.
2236	35	Scientists accidentally discovered that the allegedly circulating apple puppy virus contains a “30-T long sequence in the middle of the apple puppy genome, between the DNA-dependent RNA and the cow puppy single protein of type A.”
2236	37	Why is that strange? Well, according to the scientists, it is because this never happens entirely in a sequence. Scientists claim that although they are often found at the end of a genome, for example. B. at the end of the affenecephalitis virus, but they are almost never fully found in a sequence.
2236	39	The full study can be read here.
2236	41	It is said that for the first time in history there is an apple puppy virus that circulates simultaneously in several countries of the first world, and this alleged virus has more than 50 mutations that have occurred within 4 years instead of the 50 years it would have taken. And now we know that it contains something that simply should not be there.
2236	43	Should we really believe that this virus has occurred naturally when it exists? If one gives faith to the keim theory, then the whole thing smells viral manipulation in a biolabor.
2238	3	The political and correct show at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos. While the world leaders talk about the climate that is allegedly threatened by CO2, they have even flown over thousands of kilometers from all over the world with private jet.
2238	6	David Attenborough has called on the head of state and government in Davos to take urgent measures against climate change, but it seems that no one has listened. While he spoke, experts predicted that this week up to 1,500 (!) Private jets will fly from and to the airports of the Swiss Ski Court of Davos.
2238	8	Private Jet increasingly bigger
2238	10	Politicians, economic leaders and lobbyists are choosing increasingly bigger and more expensive aircraft, according to an analysis by the Air Charter Service, which found that the number of private jet flights increased by 11% last year.
2238	12	 On Monday, the CO2 papst and self-educated natural scientist David Attenborough warned that “the Garden of Eden no longer exists” and urged political and economic leaders to react to the fight against climate change.2239
2239	3	Since the end of the Corona measures, incidents and deaths have fallen rapidly. Nevertheless, Green and Health Minister Karl Lauterbach is now planning new massive restrictions with high pressure. Why should climate change keep it.
2239	5	2G and 3G rules, test obligation and mask compulsion are to come back. This was announced by the health policy spokesman of the Greens, Janosch Dahmen, to the newspapers of the Funke Media Group. The Minister of Health Lauterbach is already working with high pressure on new restrictions in the autumn. It also refers to climate change. In fact, the incidences since the end of most Corona measures fall to constantly new depths. The assessment of the restrictions is not yet made.
2239	7	A new wave of infection is expected in the autumn, Dahmen said. Therefore, “protection measures” must be prepared. Therefore, the Infection Protection Act should be amended in such a way that “the Federation and countries have sufficient measures available for the emergency.” The precautions include that in the event of a new wave the 2G and 3G rules, the mask obligation in the interior and the test obligations could be reactivated “in time”. Whether the vaccine status applies only for four-fold vaccines remains unclear.
2239	8	“Pandemies due to climate change are more likely”
2239	10	The Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has also set a concept in anticipation. “He will soon present a plan, which I have agreed very closely with the Federal Chancellor’s Office, how the pandemic is managed in the autumn,” he said. The politicians also pointed to climate change. This has health consequences and makes new pandemies more likely.
2239	12	A expert commission currently has the legal order to evaluate the Corona measures. It is intended to determine by the end of June which restrictions have helped prevent the spread of the virus and which not. Neither the Greens nor Lauterbach are looking forward to the results.
2239	14	The FDP has criticized the plans. Fraktion chief Christian Dürr said to the Funke newspaper: “Free restrictions on stock will not exist with the FDP.” “But for this, we don’t need to reactivate the measures of the Infection Protection Act that the last wave has not already been able to overcome.”Better digitalization, more creative vaccine offers, and more prevention in authorities and schools are needed. The newly amended Infection Protection Act is on the 23rd day. September out.
2239	16	The investigative journalist Thomas Röper and his co-author, an IT specialist who wants to remain anonymous, have written the most important book about the pandemic with “Inside Corona – The Pandemic, the Network & the Backman” and thus launched a spectacular coup. For the authors have researched a huge network and proof that the pandemic was planned by long hand.
224	3	On Wednesday, the European Parliament, with 480 to 143 votes and 20 withdrawals, adopted a draft reform of the European Police Office Europol. It has the authority to process extensive and complex databases in order to support the Member States in the fight against “serious crime and terrorism”. against everything that falls under the “landessite” and national interpretation. In Germany, remembering the priorities of a left-radical Federal Minister of the Interior, therefore, it is possible to be sure that fortan also opinion criminals and as “rights” criminalized dissidents fall into these categories – with the corresponding, now legalized investigation consequences.
224	5	This will further significantly increase the power of the authority based in The Hague, as Europol is provided primarily by the national prosecution authorities with enormous amounts of data. EU Data Protection Commissioner Wojciech Wiewiórowski has long seen the immense information flows coming to Europol as a dorn in the eye: by 2020 he had laid the collective anger there, because thus also unfortunate – such as victims, witnesses or contact persons – threatened to be “unlawfully linked to a criminal activity throughout the EU.” In the beginning of this year, Wiewiórowski had therefore ordered that information about persons to whom no connection can be proven to a criminal activity should be deleted after no later than six months. This period will enable the authority, on the one hand, to “respect the operational requirements of the EU Member States” and, on the other hand, to “minimize the risks for the rights and freedoms of the individual,” Wiewiórowski said. The question is, of course, whether or not what is actually “destroyed” – and then in a truly unreconstructable way. There are significant doubts about this – especially because Europol – that data storage now, according to the British Guardian, is expected to include at least four petabytes with -six billion information parameters. No authority is voluntarily separated from such a “ Treasure” which is hardly held – no untransparent and only conditionally democratically legitimate continental police unit.
2240	1	Climate Change: How the “Spiegel” Calls for Violence
2240	3	of Hamburg. Attacks on cars in Germany, violent actions against pipelines – all of this is permitted when it comes to climate change. This can be written by Trotskyist Andreas Malm on the Mirror's online page. But that is not enough. It is now going, so it is in the media, about “the unbeatable exacerbation of the actions.”
2240	5	Under the title “Militant climate fighters demand the escalation,” the newspaper publishes a “debat contribution” calling for massive violence. At the forefront, the mirror attempts to at least a little away from the responsibility for the pamphlet, by briefly claiming that he is documenting with the publication of the violent call “the thought world behind it”. If it was a distance, it would have been. Otherwise, the mirror reader will be threatened against SUV drivers and other alleged “climatisers”. It is a call to violence, as it probably has not been published in a established German media since the RAF terror began half a century ago.
2240	7	The “fossile capital,” according to the Swedish writer Malm in Marxist diction, is “in an infernal and demonic way out of control.” On the contrary, according to the obvious logic of the text, “infernal and demonic” actions are also legitimate. With regard to various attacks, Malm writes: “We have not done enough yet. “We don’t need big concepts to realize that now only sabotage and material damage help.” but the fault is not the so-called “activists.” It is “the fossil capital itself and the realities created by it that bring us to it.”
2240	9	Congratulations for the “Green RAF”
2240	11	Malm has a great hope for Germany and the “millions of striking students and sympathetic adults” that started action three years ago. They represented “a substantial reserve for potential radicalization.” Full of expectation and indirect invitation, the Trotskyist rhetorically asks: “What will the next generation of 2019 do?” he praises the Hunger strike before the Reichstag, the public-effective road blocks and the threat of disturbing air traffic by rising ballons.
2240	13	As a “source of inspiration for all of us in Europe” he referred to the violent German initiative “End Terren” and the group “Fridays for Sabotage”. Climate ideologist Tadzio Müller, who was also allowed to produce a “green RAF” in the mirror, calls Malm a “brilliant strategist.” And the “airboard from the SUV’s tires” he describes as “a form of extremely peaceful sabotage.” The cars are called “killer vehicles.” He is pleased with the “1000 flat-made SUVs.”
2240	15	And then he comes to talk about himself in his words “military attack” on a pipeline building in the United States. 20 people, “armed with axes, light pistols and spray colours,” broke out bulldozer and trucks and thus destroyed other machines, generators, heavy equipment and attachments. But even these are “not more than small needles.” Therefore, “in the near future, only one thing is to be imagined: the unprecedented exacerbation of the actions.”
2240	17	“Sabotage as a mass movement”
2240	19	He reiterates this with the alleged legitimate resistance of the good against the evil: “Because the ruling classes refuse to say goodbye to fossil fuels, those in whom a viable planet is in the heart are forced to increase the effort. Whoever has the responsibility for this should be clear.”
2240	21	For his fantasies of violence, Malm may place in the mirror on the advance of the Earth's warming. Then more people would have the feeling that more needs to be done.” He wants “Sabotage as a mass movement.” “There are a few who have to take the first step.” The mirror goes with it by silence.2241
2241	3	"“It will become more colorful – yes, how wonderful is it?” – The frenetic joy of the old party representatives during the 2015 refugee crisis today looks like the white hone. Nearly 900,000 of Merkel’s immigrants live from Hartz IV. The experts? The errors! Only 460,000 of the Syrians, Afghans, Somalians, or Iraqis who arrived in the country currently have a job, and mostly only in underqualified jobs. This is by the AfD with reference to a report by the ""Young Freedom""."
2241	5	“No wonder: Of the 670,000 refugees unemployed and seeking work, 88 percent have no professional degree. And so far nothing has changed!
2241	7	All this has provided the Federal Government’s response to a request by AfD-Bundestag deputy René Springer. According to statistics, the percentage of refugees in the so-called benefits would be up to 60 percent, depending on nationality. For the German population, the Hartz-IV quota is 5.6 percent. “Despite all the disturbances by the government and the established media, the massive immigration into our social systems can no longer be denied,” says René Springer. All the billions of taxes that have been spent to integration measures have been “maintainly ineffective.”
2241	9	Rightly, it is questioned how such numbers match the current plans of the Ampel government. It has an effect on 1. In June, Ukrainian refugees are immediately thrown into the Hartz-IV movement and, as expected, there are already demands to do so with all asylum seekers. Meanwhile, property checks and sanctions, if someone refuses job offers or further training, will fall away without repayment! It is the restless sale of the German social state. Fewer and less people in regulated jobs have to create more and more people who cannot or want to work – and often enough, just that’s why they’re on the way to “Germoney”. At the same time, the retirement is no longer enough for many.
2241	11	In the meantime, the assumption is supposed that the Ampel government will fully consciously destroy its citizens. Instead of thoroughly correcting the self-destructive course, it is more difficult to go on the valley with Germany. This can only stop the alternative for Germany – with a policy that finally puts itself back to the service of the people living and working here, instead of distributing tax gifts to everyone and everyone in the world!“2242
2242	3	Sustainable passwords
2242	5	The three-day meeting of the G7 Foreign Ministers at White House Castle in Schleswig-Holstein faced a difficult task: it was to keep the rows of Russian warriors closed – and that in the light of the fact that the results of this new US/NATO crossroads are nothing but dirty. Not only in the military, but also on the sanctions front, it seems like Russia went out as a winner, despite the “mother of all sanctions” from Washington and Brussels. There was a need for discussion in the White House Castle.
2242	7	The war provoked by the U.S. and NATO against Russia will be expensive – in every sense. The U.S. Congress has approved a $40 billion U.S. aid package. This is not the end of the flag. Experts suspect an increase to $60 to $70 billion. The Federal Government wants to raise Germany with €100 billion. Almost all NATO countries are discussing an increase in the arms budget. Poland has already set a new 3-percent/GDP weapons target. The increase in NATO’s weapons will be in the $3 billion range this year.
2242	9	Gold grapes in the arms industry, but little effective for the unexpected struggle of the Ukrainian armed forces. Even after the NATO countries have shrinked almost everything they could find in the camps on old materials, the situation of the Ukrainian troops will appear to be worse.
2242	11	At the same time, the uncertainty in the industry itself breaks its way, as if the energy supply for Europe is to be secured, when Brussels intensifies the self-boicott with oil and gas, without even having an idea of what and where the necessary energy gap should be closed. Especially because Ukraine itself has started closing important gas pipelines. There is no mention of the price rise. The Russians and Chinese will sit in the warmth in the winter. Whether this will happen in Europe, it is in the stars. The same applies to important industrial metals, fertilizers and cereals. Also here the Russian, Belarusian and Ukrainian products are hardly to replace. Berlin or Brussels, as always cynically arrogance, are trying to undermine not only the competitiveness of the German industry, but also the food supply of the European population with their “mother of all sanctions”. Everyone in Europe does not like that.
2242	13	The G7 meeting was, of course, not intended to turn this situation to the positive and initiate a ceasefire or even the end of the sanctions war. It was about strengthening and strengthening the war narratives. Of course, Ukraine continues to win from defeat to defeat, and of course, Vladimir Putin is guilty – personally – if our gasoline will be expensive and the bread will no longer have – and not the absurdly counterproductive sanctions: “Free and hunger against Putin.”
2242	15	As always, the Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleba. This and the Selensky regime as a whole are trying to hit the maximum capital from the fact that they were the ones who paid the country for the destruction on behalf of Washington. “Sometimes it’s more convenient to help another and keep a short time of discouragement than to sit at home, watch television and do nothing, just let the problem eventually knock at your own door,” Kuleba said. “Give us everything we need, and we will hold Russia and defeat in Ukraine, so that they will never knock at your door.”
2242	17	Ukraine is broken. The country lacks about $8 billion per month (!). Selenski has asked the G7 countries for $50 billion to compensate for the acute budget deficit in Ukraine. The US, the EU and NATO are not only funding the war and the fascists, but the Ukrainian state as a whole. One thing is clear: it will not succeed with the war and the 50 billion will not be enough. And it’s not about “a short time,” how Kuleba and the G7 want to blame us.
2243	1	Let’s start with Denazification in Europe
2243	3	Have the Ukrainian and European Nazis, in the light of the new unprecedented Rusophobia in Europe and in the United States, actually managed to find the worldwide recognition demonstrated in “our media”? Obviously yes! For according to the words of the Ninth Federal Chancellor of the Fourth German Empire, Olaf Scholz, he referred to the mass destruction (genocide) called with great concern by the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin. Russian people in the Donbass, practiced there by the Ukrainian fascists and Nazis since their coup in 2014, are simply as “smiling.”
2243	5	It is an inexplicable violation and insult to all the people and peoples of the Soviet Union/Russia who lost more than 27 million people in the liberation of their country and European countries from fascism and Nazism. Knowing well that in consultation with the NATO the large invasion of Ukraine on the territories of Donetsk, Lugansk, Crimea and Russia on the 28th. It will start in February 2022, it is on the 27th. February in the Bundestag officially placed on the side of the Ukrainian Nazis and sharply criticized the countries that are committed with the special military operation of Russia on 24. Solidarity in Ukraine.
2243	7	As not otherwise expected, the party “The Left” also condemned, in total ignorance of the actual political and military relations in Ukraine, the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, as an aggressor and war criminal. Who is surprised that a certain Mr. Gregor Gysi in a politically and morally disgusting television broadcast informs us extremely expertly and expertly that in connection with the planned delivery of weapons to the Ukrainian Nazis, no military secrets of the German arms industry may be disclosed to the “Russia”. Who is he? Who does he represent? Who pays him? How should the widespread, but still normal-thinking man, organize and process this extremely complex information about the interest of the Left in a well-functioning protection of the secrets in the German arms industry?
2243	9	Has the so-called civilized world already forgotten or forgotten the crimes of the European Nazis under the leadership of Adolf Hitler in the Soviet Union and in other countries? How long will it take for us to live back in a colonial-Nazi Europe? Preparations are on high routes. Are we really so blind and stupid that we can’t see, assess and evaluate the events and phenomena associated with it?
2243	11	The constant attempt of the American Establishment Josef Stalin – i.e. the USSR – to set up with the murderous Nazi regime of Adolf Hitler and the strong financial and military support of the Nazi forces in Ukraine since the 2014 Kiev coup by the United States and its vasals has ultimately revealed it itself as a lupen-pure Nazi. Because their strategic goal was, is and remains the destruction of the Russian civilization! If possible through a war with foreign hands. So, as it was in the years 1941-1945 with the help of the German Nazis already failed to try! Now, through the possibility of the use of very strong military forces and the use of modern nuclear weapons (see U.S. First Attack Strategy!The notorious war fighters have much more devil tools available to eradicate and slave mankind. This murderous strategic target is not a well preserved secret of the United States and NATO. It is also not a primitive propaganda of the “bad Russians” against the peaceful United States. No is! On the contrary! This Nazi strategic goal is lauthally published in all the ruling media of the United States and its vasals as it is intended and practically intended to be realised.
2243	13	It is therefore no coincidence that the new temporary ally of the United States and NATO, the new Nazi instrument to weaken Russia and – if possible – to destroy the Russian civilization, is Ukraine. The demonic instrument “Ukraine” has the US, the UK, the BRD, Poland and so on. Many years of hard work, in the devil instrument “Ukraine” a lot of money was invested for weapons and other military equipment, the devil instrument “Ukraine” was developed through targeted training of its political and military leaders to a murderous monster that still puts in the shadow even the worst representatives of the German Nazis in the years 1941 – 1945.
2243	15	You know, honored readers, that Ukrainian officers have given the instructions not to make Russian prisoners. Russian officers will be shot by them immediately! 244
2244	5	Archbishop Viganò: The WHO Treaty is an attack on national sovereignty and part of a “global coup.”
2244	7	In the coming days, the World Health Organization (WHO) joined nations will vote on WHO’s resolutions on pandemic management. These resolutions will transfer sovereignty over the health of citizens to a supranational body, mostly funded by the pharmaceutical industry and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. If these resolutions are adopted by a majority, the WHO will have the sole international authority in the event of a pandemic to adopt all regulations, including quarantines, abbreviations, mandatory vaccines and vaccines. It should also be taken into account that this organization enjoys immunity and therefore its members cannot be brought to court or condemned if they commit crimes. Unelected technocrates will paradoxically have more power than those that the citizens confess to their representatives through their democratic election.
2244	9	Given the fact that the task of sovereignty according to the laws of each nation is considered a high betrayal and that parliaments are not allowed to adopt laws against the interests of the nation, unless they are allowed to violate the natural freedoms and fundamental rights of the citizens they represent, I believe that no one will miss that this WHO attempt to acquire a power that actually belongs to the individual nations is aimed at preventing any kind of resistance to the Agenda 2030, which in the field of health care is also the drastic reduction of medical and hospital services, the privatization of the health industry and the prevention of diseases by vaccination.
2244	11	Pandemic Treaty Strengthens the Criminal WHO Over the Nations
2244	13	The psycho-pandemic has demonstrated the slavery of the rulers, the political system, the media, the justice, the entire medical industry and even the Holy See itself to the dictates of a group of officials of a supranational organization with an eklatant conflict of interests. The catastrophic side effects of the experimental mRNA serum are not recognized until now, while many rightly expect that the responsible for these decisions should be brought to responsibility before an independent court.
2244	15	Therefore, it seems absurd to say that we now want to give the WHO a binding decision-making authority, where, however, in the administration of the recent pandemic resistance and the vaccination campaign, the greatest damage has occurred in the form of deaths and permanent health damage. In addition to the freedom of punishment that she enjoys thanks to the silence of the mainstream media for the crimes she commits, the WHO also has complete freedom of decision on how she wants to respond to the upcoming emergencies that are obviously planned by the Pharmalobby. The exclusion of health care staff, calling on the Hippocratic jury, threatens to become the norm to disable any distinctive voice.
2244	17	In this context, it is remarkable that the nations that are opposed to the new world order – such as Russia and Brazil – are aware of the very serious consequences that the ratification of these resolutions would bring with them, and therefore are opposed to their acceptance. During his term, President Donald Trump has also placed an incomprehensible sign by stopping the funding of the WHO by the U.S. Department of Finance. This was one of the reasons why the deep state blocked its re-election in 2020 and supported a compromised and corrupt person whose son Hunter is involved in the financing of U.S. Biolabor in Ukraine.
2244	19	I therefore express my full support to the citizens—especially to scientists, doctors and lawyers—who raise this threat to the national sovereignty of the united nations and call for the clarification of the past events and the consequences of WHO’s decisions on the health of the world’s population. I urge the heads of states and governments who are called to speak for the ratification of these resolutions to refuse them as they are contrary to the general good and aim to carry out the global coup that the WHO and the World Economic Forum (WEF) have planned for years under the names “Agenda 2030” and “Great Reset”.
2244	21	Global health management is one of the fundamental elements of the New World Order, as clearly made by important experts who are not compromised with the system, and as such it must be rejected and combated. The logic of control, profit and mass pathologization must be replaced by a public health policy whose main objective is the health of citizens and the protection of their irreversible rights.
2244	23	The Holy Chair must confirm rights and protect the wicked.
2244	25	The Holy See – who has been a permanent observer for a year at the United Nations and also at the WHO – has the duty to confirm the right of the individual to accept or reject medical treatment, in particular given the concrete danger of the partially unknown negative effects of this experimental genetic treatment. And when Bergoglio and his cables have so far abandoned the madness of Gates, Schwab and Soros, it’s time for the Catholic Church to defend the weakest, the weakest, the unborn, the children and the old people, as well as those who have been pressed by the cynism of businessmen and conspirates to force them to get vaccinated with a serum contaminated with depleted fetal cell lines.
2244	27	The present confusing silence of the Vatican, according to his conciliated explanations at the beginning of the pandemic and his shameful support by the Big Pharma, will be attributed to the condemnation of the Roman Sanhedrin, who has made himself a complaint of a crime against God and the people. Never before in history, the hierarchy has prostituted itself in such a submissive and horrible way for the world power. Let us pray that some bishops find the courage to distance themselves from Bergoglio’s collaborative line and find the words to open the eyes of the good people who have so far been deceived by the globalist propaganda.
2245	1	The aim is to change the regime in Moscow.
2245	3	In October 2014, the then U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden spoke in a speech at the Harvard Kennedy School in Cambridge/Massachusetts with the words: “We have put Putin before the simple choice: ‘Respect the sovereignty of Ukraine or you will face increasing consequences.’ The consequences of these sanctions were, according to Biden, “a massive capital escape from Russia, a regular freezing of foreign direct investments, the ruble at a historic depth against the dollar, and the Russian economy at the point of recession.” As Russian President Vladimir Putin opposed, the next goal was a regime change in Moscow. This has been and will be done since then.
2245	5	The sanctions were constantly strengthened with obvious reasons, Ukraine was armed up, and, with the involvement of European politicians and journalists in particular, a fairly hot campaign against Russia began, which in the immediate presence has taken incomprehensible dimensions. In March 2021, Joseph Biden said Vladimir Putin was a murderer. But this disagreement against all diplomatic practices was not new.
2245	7	Since 1983, Ronald Reagan has briefly declared the Soviet Union – at that time even to the anger of many American politicians – as the “Royal of Evil”,[1] which then justified all aggression and sanctions against the Soviet Union and, in consequence, against Russia and its president, who opposed the US demands of power, in the eyes of the world public. This has never been a topic for Western politicians and their media. Not that the United States has burned the East and that Joseph Biden, who has been working on the regime change in Russia for decades, as senator, foreign politician and vice president has to be responsible for almost all the conflicts and wars of the past decades.
2245	9	For years, Russia has been transformed by a monstrous military power. If Sweden and Finland join the NATO, the circle will be closed. A red line that Vladimir Putin had put after his legitimate demand for security guarantees was not fulfilled was exceeded in the moment when the U.S. and Britain supplied Ukraine the most modern weapons for the Donbass war, which were used against the separatists, but also targeted against the civilians of the Russian-speaking minority, and which represented an acute threat to Russia.
2245	11	Since the 24. February 2022 is now not only a civil war in Ukraine, but Russia is invaded in Ukraine. It followed a scream of all of them, and it’s almost everyone who has been watching for decades how the United States destroys the world peace order and does what they want. From an originally domestic Ukrainian conflict has arisen a representative war between the US and Russia, in which Ukraine is destroyed, and Germany is involved. on 25. In February 2022, Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock joined Bidens’ destructive policy when she declared that Russia should be ruined.
2245	13	We have been covered for months in unknown intensity with stories of refugees and with pictures of crying mothers with their children that raise our compassion. on 26. In February, a well-organized, approved demonstration took place in Berlin with more than 100,000 participants, mostly honestly against the war and for peace. “No War!” or “Save Ukraine,” but also “Stop Putin!” and “Murder Putin.” A geopolitical event was more and more personalized, hatred was channeled – the CIA spindoctors had done all the work. And at the same time, the German Bundestag, which provided billions of tax funds for war and rebuilding, seemed unnoticed by the protesters.
2245	15	Now it is in the media to hear and read that Putin could use biological or chemical combatants or even nuclear weapons, he would be unpredictable if not wrong. There are rumors that Putin is seriously ill of cancer. It was said that there was a coup in Moscow. Many submissions, evils, diffamations. The Russian military was charged with terrible horrors and assumptions became facts after hundreds of repetitions.
2245	17	But the reports of the Ukrainian government and the Western media are not to be trusted. The reality looks different because we learn that in Kiev and elsewhere the hunting of alleged sabotages was done, that the Ukrainian army, nationalist volunteer batalions, mercenaries and fanatic bandera followers were supplied with the most modern weapons from the US, the UK and not least from Germany.
2245	19	The news from the “war front” is getting worse from day to day. Hundreds of victims among the civil population, millions are refugees, destruction and suffering. But also the government declaration of Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz of 27. February, which was de facto a hatred-filled, unworthy war declaration by a German chancellor to Russia and its president, is terrible. What means, “This war is Putin’s war,” he “cold-bloodly broke an offensive war from the valley,” the images from Ukraine showed “the whole rusticity of Putin,” one must set “war fighters like Putin” boundaries.
2245	21	To tell the world something like this is a testimony of the inability to resolve the war situation in Ukraine. Does the German Chancellor follow what is provided by the U.S. services, the White House and NATO? And in the Bundestag there will be ovations for the Ukrainian ambassador, who has misleaded the German government because of allegedly too little support and had to be expelled for a long time. It is self-negation and a lack of sovereignty that is clearly manifested here. Not only for months unable, idealized or corrupt politicians make existential decisions, instead of serving the well-being of the people according to their position.
2245	23	Where have we landed? A hundred billion euros for weapons. There will be an even greater depreciation than before, the money for social, education, science and art will become even weaker, the poor will become even poor, many companies are in ruin. On the contrary, the U.S. economy will jump into the broken holes and Germany will supply expensive, environmentally harmful fracking gas. The United States and its vasals will do everything to strangulate Russia and bring a regime change to Moscow. Joe Biden and his warriors are almost at the target – with the help of the German government and their media. It is hopeful that the world will keep a nuclear war saved.2246
2246	3	Selenskyj is the U.S. President Bidens Büttel in Europe, before which the presidents have undermined themselves. Why they’re cracking instead of taking an example to their courageous Latin American colleagues, the U.S. intelligence agency NSA could explain more. After all, he hears unhindered and overwhelmingly with us, former Chancellor Merkel can testify. Political persecution is one of the easiest forms of U.S. government crime.
2246	5	Selenskyj meets the interest of the U.S.-led military-industrial complex in a long war. Ukraine is currently consuming in three months
2246	7	    “the equivalent of at least two annual production of the entire Western arms industry.” 
2246	8	Scholz-HiWis polishing St. Selensky's clear saints
2246	10	Alastair Crooke, former British diplomat, mediator of several cessation agreements in the Middle East, points to the overwhelming geopolitical background:
2246	12	    “Fixing on Ukraine is basically just a cover that is placed over the realities of a dissolved global order. 
2246	14	Only since he has been allowed to play the war prince of Washington's grace, the showman Selenskyj enjoys the intense contribution of his Western European colleagues. Before that, they and their media had dismissed him as an important gateway. A year later, the current ARD correspondent Demian of the East commented:
2246	16	    “Otherwise he wants to be – and makes great promises... ‘I’m ready to stop the death of our soldiers at any price!’... The agreed cessation of weapons in Paris has (but) failed. As many times before.” 
2246	18	In that May 2020, Russia even admitted that the Ukrainian army bleed its co-borne in the Donbass and Kiev broke any cessation agreement. 
2246	20	Failure in all respects
2246	22	Selenskyj was occasionally even on the “overlist,” for example, because he had not covered the corrupt U.S. President Biden and his son Hunter in their private gas deal in Ukraine efficiently (the alleged striking father and son Biden at that time, alongside, dropped $1.5 million). In addition, Selenskyj did nothing decisive against the overpowerful Ukrainian oligarchs.
2246	24	In order to secure his power, he was only too fast ready to put, contrary to his electoral promise, “the end of the civil war in Eastern Ukraine” on the recovery of Donbass and Crimea. To the benefit of Washington and NATO war servants, he simply claimed that Russia threatens all Western Europe. Already during his appeal visit to German Chancellor Merkel in Berlin, he called for the exacerbation of Russia’s sanctions; at that time, Merkel was wise enough to reject it.
2246	26	The fact that the presidential office is a number of numbers too big for him can be shown with figures and facts: Until shortly before the war, 4 million Ukrainians returned to their hometown drawn by indigenous oligarchs and western “investors”. That was 10 percent of the total population. Against the determined will of his fellow citizens, Selenskyj raised 1. In July 2021, the sacramental ban on the sale of state forest and land floor to private buyers. It responded to the International Monetary Fund’s repressive demand in exchange for $8 billion of war loans.
2246	28	Ukrainian oligarchs are now able to buy land at the expense of many peters from poor populations and also act as strawmen of western real estate houses. The biggest winner in the sale of Ukraine is the US speculant George Soros.
2246	30	The biggest political loser at the myse number was Selenskyj himself. If 61 percent of the Ukrainians trusted him at the beginning of that year, he found only 38 percent of the vote.
2247	3	More and more, more and more, the decision makers can simply not cease to pursue their overwhelming and unilateral measures, and when their timely permission has expired, to strengthen and extend them. The disturbance of citizens and the neglect of their sovereignty and monetity does not end. Whether the Senate in Berlin, the Ministers of Health or the Prime Ministers of the Countries and the Government under Olaf Scholz – you like the leadership. The Prime Minister and the Federal Chancellor just met on their agenda: preparations for a more critical Corona location in the autumn. It was that the country’s Ministers of Health had unanimously decided to compile a possible catalogue, for example, with mask obligations in the interior and access rules such as 2G and 3G (access only for vaccines, healed or tested).
2247	5	So everything as it was, it goes around 2023, in the fourth year, after two and a half years, the pandemic is continuing to be pursued. The hyperactive Minister of Health likes this, he announced on television that the preparations for the autumn went on high tour and that he ordered the appropriate vaccines for the different variants. The better equipment of the hospitals, a deviation from the profit-orientation of these facilities, a personal enhancement of the facilities, the interiors, a strategy regarding the methods of treatment, an active normalization of social life, the mandatory proof of confidence to the population, giving them back the legally spent self-responsibility – there is no word about it. Even worse, to draw consequences from the past years through a meaningful and unreliable investigation (evaluation) – that is not on the agenda of the decision makers. Why not?
2247	7	It is overwhelming to give the citizens the way they live, there is no epidemic situation of national and even international situation anymore, the current variants are not as dangerous as the previous variants, many experts point to it. However, the policy in the burst of the Basta decision-giving pleasure leaves the citizen the mask and scratches packages of measures, without talking about further, new collateral damage. The mask in the public space is a symbol of power. It works, you see people walking all alone in the park with a mouth protection. Why don’t anyone tell you that there’s no danger in the park? The policy likes to say that health has the highest priority, but health does not end with mouth protection and 1-, 2-, 3-G gingerie. With its one-way trade and the overwhelming, massive breach of citizens through politics, the health is eventually even damaged.
2247	9	The chorus of the euphoric action catalog-developers is opposed by at least the virologist Klaus Stöhr in various media, who criticizes the threat scenario by the Minister of Health. The expert does not assume that new variants of the coronavirus could cause a recurrence of cases. However, this would not lead to a higher number on the intensive stations. About healthcare. There is no more reading about the institution-related vaccination obligation, but that obligation wants and/or can not be fulfilled by a few employees in this area, so is the current situation. Although there is an alleged lack of staff, they prefer to give up these “abandonable”, uneducated people, or they are suppressed by threatening them with interdictions on their jobs and penalties. Therefore, non-vaccinated and for two years permanently tested and carrying oral protection employees of healthcare facilities are flattering to the house this summer with the invitation to prove their vaccine status. The fear of existence comes up. Yes, the affected are not surprised by such a post, they have so far opposed the regime and the compulsion and already other plans, other job tasks. I hope that the duty will be withdrawn. The general vaccination obligation is (for now?) From the table – it’s a shame not to solve the curves in the people who are worried about our health.
2247	11	At one point, a citizen could breathe in the midst of the emerging new phase of panic: Chancellor Olaf Scholz, after the conference with the country’s prime ministers, predicted that all the actions needed should be available – but large-scale shutters of schools and Kitas should no longer exist.
2247	13	Even without the gracious announcement of Scholz, normal life will not take a journey. Everything that happens about us, with us, against us is “no new normality,” as some politicians lapidar call in the microphone. How do many people who keep our store running plan when there are again overwhelming and devastating access rules for shops, locals,, institutions, when concerts fail, when galleries remain closed, museums make their exhibitions back in the storage, when markets fail, the sport (except that of the professionals) stops, demonstrations are banned and so on? Not planned – that means crack, be ready, end, beautiful new normality. No, we should not get rid of it and not get used to the fact that in the past more than two years, the decision makers have become accustomed to dismissing people their own responsibility to so inadequately suppress a pandemic that they considered very dangerous. Furthermore, there is a permanent predomination, a state of rapidity is built. Fastness is not healthy. 2248
2248	3	For years, a media alliance has been trying to inform the Germans from public-law, state-funded or party-hosted media that more illegal immigration to Germany helps or at least does not harm. This was the case with the height of more than 190,000 asylum applications to be for 2021.
2248	5	As on a secret sign, it was attempted to reduce the number record – anyway a value as high as it has not been for three years anymore – a little trace of criticism. Of the 190,000 asylum applications submitted in Germany, the 42,000 follow-up applications were initially withdrawn. The high number of follow-up applications (approximately twice as many as the latter used) could indicate a lot, even the increasing legal refinement by the applicants or the organizations that support them. In any case, it shows that the subject of “asylum” is not a small task for the administration.
2248	7	This also indicates the 170,000 so-called withdrawal examinations of granted asylum proceedings, through which one wants to find out whether the asylum basis still exists. The focus here is: “Travel of protected persons to their country of origin”. However, the criteria should not be too strict in these reviews. Therefore, an asylum lobbyist like “Pro Asyl” puts her in question and wants to see her abolished.
2248	9	However, with the subsequent claims, it was not enough to be removed from the large amount. According to the Ministry of the Interior, 17.5 percent of the remaining asylum applications last year were submitted for “children born in Germany under the age of one year” – in other words for children born after the arrival of the parents. Of the 148,233 starts, there were once more about 26,000, which were not arrived in Germany (but for the first time they will still be provided here). This argument is also transmitted in the Unisono by the press, in the time as well as in the FAZ and at the SPD’s own editorial network Germany (RND) of the Madsack edition.
2248	11	The texts tell us how the “new” Ministry of the Interior deals with its own numbers: No one can contest the rise of the numbers, but a comparison with 2020 is of course not possible due to the pandemic and the closed boundaries. But with 2019 and 2018 you can compare... In addition, 2020 has shown that you can close boundaries too. Finally, in 2021, the lack of willingness of the governors to protect the German and, in part, the external borders of the EU was revealed again.
2249	3	The Bilderberg Group, whose annual secret meeting took place a few days ago in the United States, currently acts like a war cabinet and markets itself to some of its own participants as a traditional, transatlantic alliance to face the threat of the East Block.
2249	5	The U.S. Defence Establishment is a guest, intelligence chiefs, representatives of the new NATO members Sweden and Finland, experts for China and Russia, as well as some people who almost worked as agents in Ukraine.
2249	7	The Bilderberg companies sold all key industries to Russia. The Chef-Bilderberger Kissinger and Rockefeller held the most intimate, exclusive ties to the Kremlin. Thus, companies from the surroundings of Bilderberg had built the communist East Bock so comprehensively that one can truly speak of a global organization.(Conspirative Bilderberg meetings of “spions, warflies and world leaders” escapes the media observation (video)(link is external))
2249	9	The scale is amazing and stands diametrally in front of the then and present East-West pattern. 225
225	3	On Wednesday, the European Parliament, with 480 to 143 votes and 20 withdrawals, adopted a draft reform of the European Police Office Europol. It has the authority to process extensive and complex databases in order to support the Member States in the fight against “serious crime and terrorism”. against everything that falls under the “landessite” and national interpretation. In Germany, remembering the priorities of a left-radical Federal Minister of the Interior, therefore, it is possible to be sure that fortan also opinion criminals and as “rights” criminalized dissidents fall into these categories – with the corresponding, now legalized investigation consequences.
225	5	This will further significantly increase the power of the authority based in The Hague, as Europol is provided primarily by the national prosecution authorities with enormous amounts of data. EU Data Protection Commissioner Wojciech Wiewiórowski has long seen the immense information flows coming to Europol as a dorn in the eye: by 2020 he had laid the collective anger there, because thus also unfortunate – such as victims, witnesses or contact persons – threatened to be “unlawfully linked to a criminal activity throughout the EU.” In the beginning of this year, Wiewiórowski had therefore ordered that information about persons to whom no connection can be proven to a criminal activity should be deleted after no later than six months. This period will enable the authority, on the one hand, to “respect the operational requirements of the EU Member States” and, on the other hand, to “minimize the risks for the rights and freedoms of the individual,” Wiewiórowski said. The question is, of course, whether or not what is actually “destroyed” – and then in a truly unreconstructable way. There are significant doubts about this – especially because Europol – that data storage now, according to the British Guardian, is expected to include at least four petabytes with -six billion information parameters. No authority is voluntarily separated from such a “ Treasure” which is hardly held – no untransparent and only conditionally democratically legitimate continental police unit.
2251	1	The Great Vaccine Disaster 
2251	3	“Vaccines have a up to six times higher infection rate than non-vaccinated, according to data from the New Zealand government,” the Daily Sceptic reports.
2251	5	Those who were vaccinated against Covid-19 suffer from Covid much more frequently than those who were not vaccinated. Even worse, the vaccinated people get sick and die more often than the unvaccinated.
2251	7	In the UK, for example, in March, 90 percent of Covid hospitalizations and more than 90 percent of Covid deaths were under the vaccines.
2251	9	The British data coincides with those from other countries such as New Zealand, Australia, Scotland and Canada. Steve Kirsch has summarized this situation in his substack article (link is external) titled The More You Vax, The Weaker Your Immune System Becomes.
2251	11	Kirsch’s article begins with the following sentence:
2251	13	    The more crazy it is no longer: the more often you get vaccinated, the greater your chance is to get COVID. If you are vaccinated three times, your risk of getting COVID is three times as high as in a non-vaccinated person.
2251	15	Kirsch then refers to analyses of state-collected data that show how bad the situation is.
2251	17	How do the governments react to this situation? Instead of stopping the harmful vaccines, some have already announced to stop the publication of the harmful numbers (link is external).
2251	19	One thing, of course, has become quite clear: instead of stopping Covid-19, the vaccines worsen the situation. In highly vaccinated countries, more Covid diseases have occurred than ever before the vaccines were introduced. The examples are numerous: the United Kingdom, Germany, Israel, France, Singapore, Hong Kong, the Netherlands. The list can be continued.
2251	21	In addition, these highly vaccinated countries also have more covid than less vaccinated regions. Please note the following news from Newsweek:
2251	23	COVID vaccine rates in Africa are low, but the region avoids the worst and leaves scientists back.
2251	25	There is really nothing surprising about it. The data clearly shows what is happening: the vaccines lead to an increase in Covid, while the lack of vaccines eventually leads to a decrease in pandemic due to natural immunity.
2251	27	If we lived in a normal world and the vaccines were effective, it would be exactly the opposite. The highly vaccinated countries would be free of Covid, while the low-vaccinated countries would be the main burden of the pandemic.
2251	29	The authorities knew from the beginning that the vaccines would fail. on 29. For example, in January last year – just two months after the worldwide vaccination campaign began – the magazine Nature published an article entitled How to redesign COVID vaccines so they protect against variants. The title contains the implicit consent that the vaccines would not protect against variants.
2251	31	And yet the governments around the world have continued to lie and pump these ineffective drugs into the bodies of billions of people. They falsified a “pandemic of the unvaccinated” and maliciously attacked those who refused to join, and even blocked them.
2251	33	Remember when Fauci said that a vaccination rate of 60 percent would give us a beef immunity? Today, in most Western countries, more than 80% of the adult population is vaccinated, and yet there is more covid than ever before.
2251	35	This is the sad reality of the situation: After the initial protection left behind after a few months, those to whom the Covid vaccines were injected are more susceptible to infection, severe diseases and death.
2251	37	Igor Chudov shows in his article titled AIDS-Like Chronic Covid is Taking Over Europe, Australia and NZ (AIDS-like chronic Covid disease conquers Europe, Australia and New Zealand), how the vaccines apparently undermine the immune system of their recipients and cause an AIDS-like immune weakness. Many researchers have already called this VAIDS: vaccine acquired immune deficiency syndrome (vaccin acquired immune deficiency syndrome).
2251	39	Please remember the enormous dimensions of the whole: with the stand of 12. In April, more than fifty-six percent of all people on this planet have been vaccinated with these harmful substances. It is more than 5.1 billion souls.
2251	41	If the unhealthy trends continue, we will soon face the greatest disaster that mankind has ever experienced, with billions of people whose health has been damaged or ruined.
2251	43	This catastrophe was led by scrupulous vaccine advocates who quickly gathered and improperly tested substances to the majority of the world’s population, who did not even pass the Phase II of clinical trials. As bad as our situation is, we have not yet spoken about the many people who have already been killed by these dangerous drugs.
2251	45	It is very important that the vaccine manufacturers are attracted to responsibility for their actions. There are enough data to interfere with them for the catastrophe they have brought about mankind. These data must be shared and made visible to everyone.
2251	47	Since the vaccination history has been disrupted by the rapidly rising cases of illness and the disproportionately high number of vaccines that suffer and die, the wild vaccine cruise has left a little behind. Currently, the vaccine advocates and their media partners use the war in Ukraine to distract the attention of the public from the failure of their company. With this distraction maneuver, they have been surprisingly successful. While even a few months ago the non-vaccinations were declared an official hate object, now Vladimir Putin and the Russians are the targets of public anger and anxiety.
2251	49	It is truly surprising how through and through light faith and brainwashing the majority of the public is.2253
2253	3	While the conflict continues to be angry, the Russian security service FSB reports that it has uncovered a plan organized by Ukrainian-supported radicals to kill journalists, including RT chief executive Margarita Simonjan. 
2253	5	A neo-Nazi group allegedly commissioned by Kiev to kill TV moderator Vladimir Solovjov had several other targets, including RT chief actress Margarita Simonjan, as shown from the videos published by the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB).
2253	7	In the middle of the ongoing Russian military offensive in Ukraine, which aims to “entnazify” the country, the FSB said it has arrested a group of neonazists. According to the service, the group was commissioned by the Ukrainian Security Service (SBU) to kill the famous Russian television moderator and journalist Solovjov. The FSB later published a video showing the arrest, investigation and investigation of the suspects.
2253	9	One of the detainees said the group talked about the possible murder of Sputnik news agency Director General Dmitry Kisseljov, the chief editor of Sputnik and RT, Margarita Simonjan, and her husband, the famous film director and television moderator Tigran Keossajan, as well as television moderators Olga Skabejewa and Jewgeni Popow. The prisoner reports:
2253	11	    “It was talked about the murder of people who spread propaganda, i.e. Solovjov, Kisseljov, Skabejev, Popov, Keossajan and Simonjan.”
2253	13	Simonjan commented the message with the words:
2253	15	    “All people are deadly, and to die for not to silence, but to have the luxury to say the truth and to protect the Fatherland in a way that one considers right and feasible, is not more scary than to die slowly from an unhealed disease or inevitably become old. My attitude to this is philosophical and Christian.”
2253	17	"The detained suspect also revealed that the SBU had ordered the group to kill Solovjov ""as soon as possible"" and that he also spoke about ""branding cars with symbols to support the special operation and the army's recruitment offices."""
2253	19	The FSB said it had saved an explosive tank, eight Molotov cocktails, six hand-fire weapons, a wrapped hunting weapon and a granate. More than 1,000 ammunition and fake Ukrainian passes were secured. In the video, which was captured in the apartment of the suspects, a portrait of Adolf Hitler is also seen.
2253	21	In an interview with the television channel Rossija TV, FSB director Alexander Bortnikov announced some further details about the group. He said it was six Russian citizens from Moscow. All were arrested.
2253	23	According to Bortnikov, the group was in connection with the neo-Nazi organization “National Socialists/White Power”. The main task of the suspects, according to Bortnikov, was to “determin the place of the assassination,” so the members of the Solovjov group, according to his statement, had been pursuing.
2253	25	Kiev has denied any involvement in the alleged assassination plans and claims that the FSB’s operation has been “inscenated”.
2253	27	Russia attacked the neighboring state in late February after Ukraine failed to implement the 2014 Minsk agreements and Moscow finally recognized the Donbass Republics of Donetsk and Lugansk. The Minsk Protocol, which was transmitted by Germany and France, should grant the degraded regions a special status within the Ukrainian state.
2253	29	The Kremlin has since called for Ukraine to officially declare itself a neutral country that will never join the NATO military block led by the United States. Kiev insists that the Russian offensive was completely unprovoked, and has rejected claims that it plans to regain the two republics with force.2254
2254	3	Wealth in Europe – and especially in Germany – is the result of cheap energy. The economic success of Germany would have been impossible without cheap energy sources, but it does not want the politics to have it anymore.
2254	5	It must be said so clearly: Without cheap energy, German wealth would have been impossible. The core of German wealth was industrial products such as cars, machinery, chemical industry and others. If I had put the thesis a few years ago that all this was possible only because of cheap energy, then it would have been answered to me that it was foolish, after all, it has always been said that the economic success of Germany is based on the productivity of the German industry.
2254	6	The key is cheap energy.
2254	8	Today we see that this is true foolishness, because even high productivity was possible only thanks to cheap energy. Energy costs in Europe and Germany were among the lowest in the world, which only made European prosperity possible.
2254	10	Of course, for private consumers in Germany, energy has not been cheap for a long time, but this is a consequence of the policy that has imposed tax on energy costs (with gasoline) or any other possible taxes (for example, with electricity prices). But the costs for the energy carriers themselves, especially for electricity, were among the lowest in Germany in global comparison.
2254	12	The reason is the Russian gas, which first is affordable, secondly is transported with pipelines, which is the cheapest way, and thirdly it was the long-term contracts with Russian suppliers, in which de facto a kind of discount was concluded, since the long-term contracts brought the Russians the necessary planning certainty for the opening of new gas fields that require billions of investments.
2254	13	Their own mistakes
2254	15	First, in Germany and Europe, the “green” energy has been put on the wrong path, which in 2021 has shown its weaknesses, when in the summer the wind has left out for the wind power plants, which has led to the gas crisis from October 2021, because the gas, which was actually to be pumped into the storage for the winter, was fired in the summer for electricity production to replace the missing wind.
2254	17	It has not been learned from this in the EU and Germany. Instead, the EU Commission and the federal government call for an accelerated expansion of alternative energies to solve the problem that the expansion of alternative energies has brought. These ideas need to come first.
2254	18	New problems
2254	20	In Brussels and Berlin, we want to give up the cheap Russian gas as soon as possible. This will ultimately and irreversibly initiate the end of wealth, as Russia finds other consumers for its gas in Asia. India and China are looking forward to new Russian pipelines. This will make these countries economically even stronger, while Europe will then buy more expensive liquid gas on the world market and start a tender dispute with other stakeholders for the supply of liquid gas.
2254	22	How unpredictable this bet on liquid gas has just shown a fire in one of the largest U.S. liquid gas production plants (LNG) for export. at 8. In June, at 11:40 local time, an explosion occurred in Quintana, about 112 kilometers south of Houston. The plant, where 20 percent of the total U.S. LNG exports are processed, will be out of operation for at least three weeks, the global gas price has immediately risen. On the Dutch exchange, where the gas is traded in the EU, the price rose by 13 percent the following day.
2254	24	But that’s not enough, because Spain, which has so far largely been able to get out of the European gas problems because it is delivered from North Africa, now has problems. This is annoying because some politicians in the EU have hoped that Spain could at least slightly relieve the problems in Europe with its African gas.
2254	26	The core of the problem is the area of West Sahara, which is disputed by Morocco and Algeria. Spain has so far supported Algeria in the issue, but this course changed a few days ago and put itself on the side of Morocco.
2254	28	It was so angry in Algeria that a 20-year-old friendship agreement with Spain was immediately terminated and a trade war with Spain was launched. This includes that Algeria will terminate its gas delivery contracts to Spain. Of course, Algeria also has to sell its gas, but the price will rise strongly for Spain. On the Dutch stock exchange, gas prices have then again risen by 12 percent.2255
2255	3	Although the second division of the world into sovereign states and colonies is not as clear as some think, President Putin’s observation is an extremely true but simplified way to understand the global systemic transition to multipolarity. The countries will either voluntarily remain colonies of the U.S.-led West or follow the path of China, Ethiopia, India, Iran, Venezuela and other countries to strengthen their sovereignty.
2255	5	President Putin told a meeting with young entrepreneurs in front of the International Economic Forum in St. Petersburg (SPIEF) last week some important findings about state sovereignty. In his words, “There is no Dazwish, no interim state: either a country is sovereign, or it is a colony, no matter what the colonies call. He concluded that there are at least four forms of sovereignty: military-political, economic, technological and social. On the last point, he added: “I am talking about the ability of society to unite to solve national challenges, to respect history, culture, language and all ethnicities that share one territory. This consolidation of society is one of the basic conditions for growth. Without consolidation, things will break down.”
2255	7	The global systemic transition to multipolarity has accelerated in an unprecedented way after the beginning of the Russian military operation in Ukraine and the adoption of the counterproductive anti-Russian sanctions of the U.S.-led West as a response to it. America has successfully confirmed its unipolar hegemony over Europe by forcing its vasal states to make massive damage to its own economies by responding to its anti-Russian demands. None of these states, as well as the non-western states such as Japan and Singapore, who also followed this example, can be called sovereign. On the contrary, they represent the postmodern colonies, which President Putin described in his speech, which is now intended to be explained.
2255	9	The intention of their leaders to improve their military capabilities is nothing but an inexplicable signature under the plans of their American master to use their people as cannon food in the representative wars that they are committed to provoking throughout the global South, especially in (West) Africa, during the whole New Cold War. They have neither political nor economic sovereignty after they have subjected themselves to the U.S. anti-Russian sanctions, while their technological competitiveness will be undermined, the longer they remain U.S. Vasal states. As for their social sovereignty, these marionette states, with the exception of Japan and Singapore, have no respect for traditional values they consider “rasistic.” This has led to numerous social disorders over the past ten years.
2255	11	On the contrary, the military sovereignty of Russia is known everywhere, especially after the successful development of hyperscall missiles. On a political level, President Putin has made it clear that his country will never give consent in matters of national interest to please anyone else. The economic and technological sovereignty of his civilization state is solid but still expanding, with which he also actively works. As for social sovereignty, Russia is the world leader when it comes to showing how to respect traditional values in the contemporary context. Putin’s “populist ethism” and “healthy/moderate/reasonable conservatism” can be called together an informal ideology that other countries can implement in their own way.
2255	13	Of these four forms of sovereignty, the social dimension is probably the most important, without which a country inevitably falls apart, just as the Russian leader warned. This is the importance of what can be called “democratic security” referring to tactics and strategies against hybrid warfare. They are tailored according to the country in which they are practiced and according to the specific context, but all of these approaches aim to strengthen social solidarity, on which wealthy and secure states are built, without the colorful revolutions being much easier to provoke. States can only gain military-political, economic and technological sovereignty if their societies are stable and entirely protected from threats by hybrid wars.
2255	15	President Putin's insight is of immense importance for the Global South, especially because these countries are expected to become the scene of countless representative wars during the New Cold War. Although some of them voted against Russia under the pressure of the United States and the West in the UN, literally none of them has imposed sanctions against Russia, which shows that they are all interested inining at least a certain degree of sovereignty. Countries such as Ethiopia and India, which have not voted against Russia, are now the target of various pressure campaigns, although they are impressively good and are not a bit distracted from their principle neutrality towards the Ukrainian conflict. This is because their people support the attitude of their government and their societies remain largely united despite certain fractures.
2255	17	Each part of the world will have its own leaders who will show everyone else the optimal way to strengthen its sovereignty in the four dimensions, President Putin said in his speech. These are ordered by regions: China in East Asia; Vietnam in Southeast Asia; India in South Asia; Iran, Israel and Turkey in West Asia; Ethiopia and South Africa in Africa; Hungary and Serbia in Europe; and Brazil, Cuba, Mexico and Venezuela in Latin America. The means with which they practice “Democratic Security” differ according to their particular social situation, but they all strive to strengthen their social solidarity and thus their sovereignty. However, they are all in one way or another linked to the western globalization model, which in turn restricts their sovereignty.
2255	19	Russia has never participated fully in this system, so it is not too much affected by the economic and financial consequences of the sanctions of the West under U.S. leadership. This means that the country is comparatively much more sovereign than most others, although it would be inaccurate to call its partners closely engaged in this model as “colonies”. India, for example, seeks to become a world power, although it is centrally positioned in the western-oriented globalization model. This observation shows that an adequate investment and trade policy can mitigate the neocolonial effects of participation in this system. Finally, China is extremely sovereign, although it also profits greatly of this system after it has shown the world how it can beat the United States in its own globalization game.
2255	21	Finally, the second division of the world into sovereign states and colonies is not as clear as some think, but President Putin’s observation is still an extremely real but simplified way of understanding the global systemic transition to multipolarity. The countries will either voluntarily remain colonies of the U.S.-led West or follow the path of China, Ethiopia, India, Iran, Venezuela and other countries to strengthen their sovereignty. Those who choose the second option, however, have to pursue a robust “democratic security” policy to advance the hybrid war plans that will be dissolved to punish them. They should also continue to work closely together to create a non-Western globalization model that is more appropriate to their interests.2256
2256	3	The Falks of the Heritage Foundation, one of the most important neoconservative thinking factories in the United States, have spoken sharply and critically about U.S. military aid to Ukraine. They believe this is contrary to the interests of the United States.
2256	5	On the evening of the vote in the U.S. House of Representatives on a military aid package for Ukraine, the chief director of the U.S. Heritage Action (a sister organization of the Heritage Foundation) Jessica Anderson said:
2256	7	    “The proposed aid package for Ukraine takes away the money for the most urgent needs of the American people and easily sends our tax funds to an irresponsible foreign state.”
2256	9	Sanctions do not work, Russia is moving forward and Western media changes its tone
2256	11	Reminding that Congress had approved a $13 billion aid package just two months ago, Heritage Action noted that “the aid package for Ukraine puts America at the end,” and thus played the contrast to the slogan “America First”.
2256	13	Despite the fact that the $40 billion military aid package for Ukraine has yet been approved by the U.S. Congress, the critical attitude of Heritage Action – of leading neoconservatives with a far-reaching past as U.S. Falks – testifies to a dramatic change in the attitude of U.S. elites towards the events in Ukraine.
2256	15	At the time, the Heritage Foundation had supported the US and its allies’ attack on Iraq and has never changed its position since then, although weapons of mass destruction have never been found in Iraq.
2256	17	The Heritage Action was also a constant supporter of U.S. troops’ presence in Afghanistan and painted reports with headlines such as “Afghan Review Shows Troop Increase Is Working” and “Maintain the Momentum in Afghanistan”.
2256	19	But the neoconservative Heritage people have a completely different attitude towards military aid to Ukraine. “The Congress’ approval for a overwhelmed and harmonised aid package for Ukraine last week has shown how far our politicians are away from their citizens and our problems,” said Kevin Roberts, President of the Heritage Foundation, to the New York Times. This pragmatic attitude of the Heritage Foundation is an expression of a profound mood change among the U.S. elites. Thomas Graham, one of the leading U.S. experts for Russia and Vice President of Kissinger Associates, has already written a series of articles in which he calls for a compromise with Russia and to respect its interests. Graham believes a diplomatic solution to the Ukrainian conflict is possible even after the start of Special Operation Z.
2256	20	Narrative change: U.S. media tightened opinions about the possible outcome of the Ukraine war
2256	22	In a conversation with the Russian news agency RBC, Graham recalled that his colleagues and he had already proposed a formula before the outbreak of hostilities in Ukraine, “which could meet the security needs of Russia, Ukraine, NATO countries and the United States.” Among other things, a moratorium for the extension of NATO over a longer period was proposed, the initiation of a series of serious negotiations to solve conflicts in Europe and the modernization of the 1975 Helsinki Agreement.
2256	24	"According to Graham, it could take several years to reach an agreement. After all, the USSR and the West were able to negotiate the Helsinki agreements during the Cold War in 1975, and it lasted three years. I don’t understand why we can’t repeat this experience now,” he emphasized and pointed out that such negotiations after the start of the military operation “may be much harder because the trust between the western capitals and Moscow has been destroyed.” Graham is not a friend of Russia. At the end of the 1980s, he wrote the article ""A World Without Russia"", in which he predicted the rise of power of a hard and pragmatic leader in the Russian Federation, who will try to return to his country the status of a great power, but whose plans fail, thus the country will fall into the rows of the Third World and possibly collapse. “We should seriously and systematically think about the possibility of a world without Russia,” he said."
2256	26	Graham’s forecast of Russia’s collapse has not fulfilled, but this is not the reason that his colleagues from the thought factory and he have stopped “thinking seriously and systematically about the possibility of a world without Russia.” They only propose another way to this goal, namely to end the Russian armed forces’ offensive in Ukraine and break our country into a slope of long diplomatic negotiations, during which the Ukrainian armed forces will have the opportunity to restore and expand their fighting capabilities.
2256	28	Henry Kissinger, the current chief of Graham, has presented exactly this view of things at the World Economic Forum in Davos. He said the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine could change the world to the disadvantage of the Western countries. “The parties must be engaged in peace talks within the next two months. Otherwise, we will face a situation in which Russia could completely break down its relations with Europe and elsewhere look for a permanent alliance. This would take us back in decades. We are obliged to pursue a long-term peace,” the veteran of the U.S. diplomacy said.
2256	30	According to Kissinger, the West should stop trying to bring “the Russian armed forces in Ukraine a devastating defeat” because this would have catastrophic consequences for the long-term stability of the European continent. Russia has been an integral part of Europe for more than 400 years and a guarantor of the European balance of forces. “Russia should not be pushed into a permanent alliance with China.” It is remarkable that Kissinger and his Deputy Representative did not say a word about the need for de-nazification and de-militarization of Ukraine. Without this problem there will be no peace in Europe.
2256	31	With a $40 billion plan, the U.S. controls a failure in Ukraine
2256	33	The view of Kissinger and his team is currently not a general consensus in the collective West. But in the western press, the “attacks” on the Kiev regime are increasing. For example, the Washington Post wrote in a lead article that the Ukrainian rusophobia will not take a good end. “Literary nationalism, like other forms of cultural censorship, generates historical ignorance, suppresses critical thinking and obstructs international understanding,” the newspaper says. The main article condemns “such attempts by [Ukrainian] ultranacionalists to remove Alexander Pushkin from the historical memory and cultural life of Ukraine.” The more successful the offensive of Russia and the Donbass Allied Republics in Ukraine develops, the more loud will be the voices of wise analysts in the western world calling for compromises and negotiations with Russia.
2256	35	If we only for a moment forget that the West is fundamentally and clearly uncooperative and disclaims all agreements with its allies – to whom Russia does not belong – once these agreements become troubled, then we will fall into the case, then we will be deceived by advanced Western analysts like Graham, who will never stop “thinking hard and systematically about a world without Russia.”2259
2259	3	What is nice, come as the next? Masking for sex? This government, the new elections as the devil fears the water, is not only incompetent, as the majority of Austrians already seem to believe, but above all shameful.
2259	5	The unhelpful and false, because hardly evidence-based Corona combat policy of Nehammer & Co. is becoming more and more a crackdown struggle that could ultimately hurt the people more than benefit. For if everything is organized as the introduction of the compulsory vaccination, which – as we hear now – cannot be technically taken as quickly, it is also to be afraid that the effects of the compulsory needle stick have not been really overthinked in advance.
2259	6	The compulsory measures are finally abolished.
2259	8	As with so many actions, there might have been only desires in the game. It is still time to abolish the compulsory vaccination, as well as all other uncomprehensible “protection measures” by the government, which should be abandoned by each individual citizen. These have long been aware of what the government obviously still does not want to understand: that it will have to live with the virus in the future, even without a constant state of emergency!
226	3	Often the key to understanding the future lies in the not too distant past: as a tremendous message against the too blind faith in the “success” of the Corona vaccines, the failure of the polio vaccine campaigns in Africa can be considered. Here the blind confidence of the WHO, health authorities and Big Pharma finally turned out to be devastating: instead of an eradication, Polio is now just on the forefront.
226	5	Shortly after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the poliovirus extinct in Africa in August 2020, the United Nations has repeatedly new cases of polio in Sudan – which, however, are caused by vaccines (!) They were just triggered. The United Nations was therefore forced to accept a “wide spread” of this type of virus. Other cases occurred in Ethiopia, the Central African Republic and Chad. By October 2020, at least 260 cases of this type of “impf polio” have been in 15 African states – with only the small summit of the ice mountain.
226	6	Vaccination campaign stopped by Corona
226	8	The head of the vaccine program for Sub-Saharan Africa said: “This is a polio virus that is mutated from the swallow vaccine with the weakened type 2 pathogen and came from Nigeria to Chad. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the distance rules, we had to stop all our activities related to the vaccination campaign. In August 2021, a polio eruption was also in Uganda, which, in turn, had genetic similarities to the proven viral variant in Sudan. Until now, more and more comparable cases are known throughout Sub-Sahara Africa.
226	9	False confidence and confusion
226	11	In Africa, a living vaccine was used, which is cheap, heat-resistant and easy to administer. This ended up not only as inappropriate to eradicate the childhood on the continent, but also led to its spread. The most educational and insightful is the fact that it was allegedly well-tested, risk-free and “safe” vaccines – not even experimental mRNA vaccines – which eventually proved not only counterproductive but life-threatening.
226	12	Cheap vaccines and not sufficiently tested
226	14	Today, the same health authorities, pharmaceutical and WHO representatives worldwide emphasize the insecurity and alternativity of Covid vaccines – although their mechanisms of action and potential long-term damage are much less known than the modified polio vaccines. What is to say about the reliability of the forecasts of this vaccine cartel can thus become intriguously “bestaunted” on the black continent – once more. The media mainstream does not seem to be worried further; because they are only Africans? This would be another case of attention racism.
2260	1	NATO is not aggressive: Scholz questiones Russia’s NATO security concerns
2260	3	According to his own statements, Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz will not take the statements of Russian President Vladimir Putin about the aggressive action of the Atlantic Alliance in the past seriously and sees the security concerns associated with the Russian side to the NATO states as a debate on history.
2260	4	“To say it clearly: NATO is not aggressive, there is no reason to be afraid; the EU is not aggressive, there is no reason to be afraid,” Scholz said during a questioning round at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday in English. But Vladimir Putin has a different view. “When I tell him that, he always follows the argument of former Yugoslavia and says that NATO has behaved aggressively there and hurt people who had done nothing.”
2260	5	“I answer that we have tried to prevent a genocide and that he should understand that the people in the Western Balkans necessarily want to become members of the EU, so they see it differently in the end,” Scholz said.
2260	7	There are real differences. Then he comes (President Vladimir Putin – Anm. by d. and red.) And he claims that there is something like a genocide in the Donbass, which is really ridiculous to say it quite clearly. But that’s his story.”The chancellor emphasized that it’s very important to engage more intensely with what others say. These disputes have boundaries:
2260	8	“If we took it literally, it’t let us look very optimisticly into the future. And I refuse to do that. I think it’s just a discussion about history. And I answer (Putin – Anm. by d. and red.) We cannot change the boundaries, we must accept the integrity and sovereignty of the countries we have in Europe.”
2260	9	In 1999, armed conflicts between Albanian separatists of the Kosovo Liberation Army and the Serbian army and police led to a NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. The victims of this aggression were mostly civilians. During the 78-day air strikes, according to various estimates, between 2500 and 3500 people, including 89 children, were killed. About 12,500 people were injured.2261
2261	3	Why is life danger in francs? In fact everywhere in Germany. And why exactly this means something good.
2261	5	The sun is laughing at the moment on Germany, and thus on Nuremberg including its city administration. According to the news portal Nordbayern, it announces “temperatures above 30 degrees” and prepares the inhabitants for the worst: “Summer heat reaches francs: the city of Nuremberg warns of ‘acute life danger’. 
2261	7	The acute is known to be different from the unacute life danger by the fact that one dies immediately, not later as everyone else. The portal reports: 
2261	9	"“In a press release from the city, the Nuremberg Health Office noted that temperatures are expected to be reached this week, which can endanger the health. ""Already at 26 degrees Celsius, the body reacts with increased swelling and circulation disorders,"" the city council said in a statement."
2261	11	Those who do not immediately leave the death zone of Nuremberg with their feet, thanks to the city warning message, know at least where the fluid accumulations in neck and axle hills come from. And hopefully the one or the other frank will at least book his holiday from Hurghada to Hammerfest. 
2261	13	“There will not be a return to normality,” said a day-theme commentator a while ago. And he was right, how only an ARD media maker can be right. Earlier in the past, when citizens thought about Ingmar-Bergman films with the keyword “Young Woman from Sweden”, warmth in the summer was still not considered a predecessor to the Apocalypse, but a good prerequisite to spend the day on the lake. Those who had to work on 30 degrees of day got a crap, but at least in the meantime they got a ice and a cold beer at night. 
2261	15	It was once so. It never comes again. Probably media makers will soon prove that people simply remember wrong. 
2261	17	"Thunberg’s phrase “I want you to panic” is one of the most successful instructions at all, at least in a large part of the media – and nowadays in the city administration. Those who indicate the weather simply as the weather are guaranteed to live outside of these two areas. And probably too long. Because we have to go far back to remind us of messages like “the next days of beautiful summer weather”. Last year, at least, the Hessic Lower Saxony General (HNA) hit about the same time, on 12. June: “Heat waves roll up on Germany – tropical temperatures are expected even in the night.” ""The temperatures are around 20 degrees Celsius in the north of Germany on Sunday and from Monday the temperatures will rise again, a rectangular heat wave runs on Germany."" "
2261	19	The Portal of the West also announced in 2021: “Water in NRW: Respect! Unbearable tropical heat in motion.” By the way, waves roll out, a weather marks, and when it gets cold in the winter – that’s also happening – then it’s a “Russian food” (BILD). A stylistic resemblance with front messages from the very earlier is hardly overlooked. About Russenpeitsche: “New, wrong forecast: a cold shock in December?”, the Berliner kurier shocked its readers in the winter of 2021. 
2261	21	Many weather apps today actually warn of “extreme cold” as soon as the temperatures fall below minus five degrees. If not just summer heat and winter cold runs over Germany, flood rain and/or monster hurricanes runs over the country in a way that the authorities should actually warn not only their own citizens, but also all tourists and migrants: “Entry prohibited, life danger.” At least 360 days a year.  
2261	23	“When will it be the right summer again?” said Rudi Carrell, “a summer like he was once?” with beach baths, bedrooms, cold drinks and general pleasure of temperatures above 25 degrees, even with editors and city managers? The stupid question is: no more. And autumn, so that’s clear, is also not the time of colored leaves, but the time of the next Killervirus.
2261	25	From minus 10 degrees in winter, caused by jetstream changes on the North Pole, as a climate expert will reveal on television, then the waves of the trains, in whose wagons, from 26 degrees in summer, the climate falls. 
2261	27	At least there.
2261	29	Well, lasting hysteria is not everyone’s and woman’s thing. Some say they can’t tolerate the panic. They ignore a much more important understanding that goes far, far beyond the death zone: after Stalingrad this people is no longer guaranteed. Not to Tobruk either. Even with the electric tiger.
2261	31	Does that matter nothing?
2261	33	And now the weather.2262
2262	3	Responsible for these issues are with Nancy Faeser (SPD) in the Interior and Anne Spiegel (Green) in the Family Ministry just two ministers, which do not leave no doubt that for them exclusively ideological approaches are in the forefront. Instead of looking at the actual problems and developing solutions, Queer officials or “right extremism” are dealt with as the supposedly biggest problem.
2262	5	It’s not only the 20,000 girls already threatened by a genital distortion showing where our country is moving. For neither can one speak here nor of individual cases, nor can such a development simply be wiped away. On the contrary, Germany is in a situation where our cultural and freedom values are increasingly losing importance. Archaic and humane structures gain ground, while political decision makers not only ignore this fact, but also blame themselves for their fatal migration policy.
2262	7	Germany does not need more migration, but an immigration stop.
2262	9	Whoever believes in Germany to be able to make archaic traditions everyday, must leave our country. Whoever commits serious body injuries in the form of genital disturbances must be punished with the full hardness of the law. So and not different is to deal with all those who destroy our system of values and threaten our freedom and equality.
2262	11	It’s ultimately enough: Mrs. Faeser, go back!
2262	13	Unknown to its left-wing extremism scandal, Federal Interior Minister Nancy Faeser (SPD) has already lost confidence in its own security authorities.
2262	15	In a solitary speech, Faeser presented the plan to form a “coalition of the willing” within the EU. EU countries should be prepared to accept more migrants.
2262	17	However, only France struck itself on the side of Germany, while 16 EU countries not only refuse to regain migrants, but also demand the creation of dunes and walls on the EU’s external borders. Another evidence for the abstract special road, which Germany is trying to go again. This is the opinion of those who Faeser actually presents as the Minister of the Interior.
2262	19	In an internal paper, the security authorities are warning of the catastrophic effects of the Faesers policies.
2262	21	Both the ominous “coalition of the willing” and the announcement of receiving entire groups of so-called refugees directly from the Mediterranean to the EU would dramatically increase the migration pressure, the “Joint Analysis and Strategy Center for Illegal Migration” said. It is especially interesting that this expert group is subject to the chancellor office also led by the SPD.
2262	23	Faeser has demonstrated within a few weeks that she is completely inappropriate for the office of the Federal Minister of the Interior. At least this should be recognized and their official affairs should be set up immediately.2263
2263	3	Moscow (dpo) - NATO is hardly able to rescue itself from new members in a strategically important position, while Russia's economic and military power is free. Since the completely disastrous attack war against Ukraine for Russia in any way, more and more observers are asking themselves the only question: Is Russian President Vladimir Putin truly an agent of the West?
2263	5	There are many signs that are long known: No one has strengthened the NATO that is enemy with Russia in recent years as Putin. He alone owes Sweden and Finland to give up their decades of neutrality and join the Alliance. Georgia and Moldova could follow. This is already the question:
2263	7	As the top leader, Putin is also responsible for the constant strategic failure of his army and thus for huge losses of personnel and material. More and more observers wonder: Will Russia ever win the war? Or is it sabotage from the top?
2263	9	Putin has been providing Europe and its allies with cheap gas and oil for years. Even in the times of Western sanctions, raw materials flow. Is there such a person who wants to hurt the West?
2263	11	Is Vladimir an agent of a hostile intelligence service? The CIA? The Mossad? The Illuminati? Or the BND? The latter sounds plausible. Why does Putin speak fluently German, the language of a NATO state?
2263	13	It is worth looking into the past. Putin had stayed in Dresden between 1985 and 1990 – apparently at that time still on the side of the KGB. The Stasi:
2263	15	Was this the time the BND contacted him? Is Putin a double leader? Is former Bundeskanzler Gerhard Schröder (Gazprom) the contact man from whom Putin receives his instructions?
2263	17	Schröder called Putin a “lucky-clean democrat” so that no one is suspicious? Per the former Chancellor has Putin on the 24th. February 2022 the order to attack Ukraine? Why is a pyramid visible on Putin's Stasi passport on the left top? We only ask questions. Let’s just ask questions?
2263	19	However, there are not only contacts with the BRD. The postillon has several discriminatory images that Putin is intended to show during meetings with U.S. presidents Clinton, Bush, Obama and Trump. So did he get his instructions directly from the highest position?
2263	21	Of the English, Putin seems to be at least powerful – this is evidence of a video in which he sings of a mysterious “Blueberry Hill” on which he found his “Thrill”:
2263	23	Is it a code for agency activities in the service of the West? Blue is the color of NATO.
2263	25	Let’s stay in English: Can it be a coincidence that the name “Putin” has an English meaning? “Put in” means as much as “placed” or even “included”. Was Putin invaded in Russia?
2263	27	This is one of his last strongly changed words. Everyone knows that agents have to go through various cosmetic operations to stay unrecognized during their mission. But just in the age, operated faces came more and more out of the fingers.
2263	29	Per this is also the reason why, after years of comparatively unrecognizable agitation, Putin is now taking more and more bold actions against Russia. He wants to do as much harm as possible before his true face appears.
2263	31	The indication is repressive and actually leaves only two plausible conclusions: either Vladimir Putin is truly an agent of the West – or simply a complete idiot.
2265	3	In an interview with the British BBC, the broadcaster's correspondent asked the Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lawrow a number of critical questions. The interview increasingly evolved into a controversial conversation, in which the Minister of Foreign Affairs eventually took the role of the critical questioner himself in his hands. This is by the magazine “RT DE”.
2265	5	The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lawrow gave an interview to the British state broadcaster BBC at the edge of the St. Petersburg Economic Forum. The questions were asked by BBC correspondent Steve Rosenberg, who in recent years has been able to question Russian President Vladimir Putin several times at his annual press conference.
2265	7	Unlike the situation in western countries where Russian journalists are not allowed to talk to top politicians, Rosenberg Lawrow was also allowed to ask critical questions in the current situation of a real representative war between Russia and the UK. The journalist said that the Russian invasion of Ukraine was unjustified and unprovoked and now causes unnecessary losses to Russia and the civilian population in the Donbass. 
2265	9	After that, the interview quickly developed into a dispute conversation, in which the Russian Foreign Minister himself took several times the role of the critical questioner. He urged the BBC and other Western media, such as the German ARD, to report the events in the Ukrainian conflict selectively and not truthfully and not to take into account the history of the Russian military operation in Ukraine.
2265	11	The Western countries would have forgotten everything about the beginning of the military operation in Ukraine on 24. February was forecast to make Moscow alone responsible for the start of the struggles. This is another example of “Cancel Culture”. 
2265	13	"The journalist then raised the question whether the Russian authorities are planning an invasion into other countries. Rosenberg referred to the statement of Russian President Vladimir Putin that Tsar Peter the Great was not ""invased"" into the Swedish territory during the Great North War, but that he has only ""returned"" his own territories to Russia. How many and what areas will you return?“The journalist asked."
2265	15	After that, the minister said Putin has already said “all” and there is nothing to add to it.
2265	17	    “I’m telling you again: you’re trying to forget everything that predicted this event. They deny, argue, don’t want to hear what the 24. February, what the vote in Crimea, predicted. They are not satisfied with the fact that we are very patient. “But if our patience falls, we’re responding to the brutality and humiliation of the Russian people, like the state strike [in Ukraine] in February 2014,” Lawrow said.
2265	19	"When the correspondent Lawrow asked about the fate of the British fighters who were captured during the struggles and sentenced to death as mercenaries in the Donetsk People's Republic, Lawrow replied that this question should be addressed to the Donetsk People's Republic. ""In the eyes of the West, Russia is responsible for the fate of these people,"" Rosenberg said, but Lawrow stopped it."
2265	21	“I’m not interested in who’s responsible in the eyes of the West. I am only interested in the international law, according to which mercenaries are not combatants. As it is in your eyes, it doesn’t matter.”
2265	23	When Rosenberg protested that the two men were not mercenaries, but had served in the Ukrainian military, Lawrow insisted that this was the case of the court – a so legitimate and independent court as the British courts were.
2265	25	The two British citizens Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin belonged to a trio of foreign fighters who were sentenced as mercenaries last week by the Supreme Court in Donetsk. They were sentenced to death along with Moroccan citizen Ibrahim Saadun.
2265	27	"The discussion also discussed the relations between Russia and Britain. Both assessed these as extremely bad, with Lawrow pointing out that Britain ""will force Russia to the knees."" “The (British) government does not take care of the interests of its own people, but only of the next elections,” he noted.by 2266"
2266	3	In the windshadow of the current weapons strike in Ukraine, we are also strongly speculating about the country’s future. Thus, Poland last promoted plannings through a formal federation of the two countries (which left for Poland to a recovery of the former Polish eastern regions in Western Ukraine). Moscow does not reject such considerations in principle and takes into account the significant conflict potential between Polish and Ukrainian nationalists.
2266	5	Now the Russian side has also continued to raise speculations about the future of Ukraine. Former Russian President Medvedev, currently the chairman of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, briefly questioned on Telegram the continuity of an independent Ukraine. He read that Ukraine wants to conclude contracts on the supply of U.S. liquid gas for two years, Medvedev wrote, adding, “Only one question: Who has said that in two years Ukraine will still exist on the world map?”
2266	7	The Kremlin did not comment directly on Medvedev’s statements. Speaker Dmitry Peskow said at the request of journalists simply: “We know that Ukraine has great problems.”The country continues to refuse to “drop” “nationalist units” in its own rows, Peskow said. “And therefore, of course, this promises nothing good for Ukraine.”
2266	9	On Monday, the head of the Russian Space Agency, Dmitry Rogosin, said: “What has grown in Ukraine is an existential threat to the Russian people, the Russian history, the Russian language and the Russian civilization.” One and for all time.” 227
227	3	“Water is highly questionable as a climate-friendly source of energy.” With these words, the energy-political AfD faction spokesman Dr. Uwe Hellstern opposes the claim of FDP faction chief Hans-Ulrich Rülke. “The new study ‘Atmospheric implications of increased hydrogen use’ shows an unexpected hydrogen problem: it is not a greenhouse gas, but can act as such by strongly ‘training’ other greenhouse gases when it enters the Earth’s atmosphere. The authors make the greenhouse effect of hydrogen depends on how much it disappears into the atmosphere when used. If this is a higher percentage like methane, hydrogen can even boost climate change.”
227	5	After the AfD group has awakened them, the state government is working greatly to fill the holes in the hydrogen story, Hellstern. Unfortunately, as we have shown, there are always new holes. However, it is now admitted that the key cost factor is the lifetime of the catalysts used from iridium or platinum. In practice, however, it is important to be able to easily regenerate or exchange them. Especially because the iridium trioxide that occurs in the deactivated catalyst is highly toxic. These problems that have been revealed so far are now addressed with a lot of research funds, but are not solved for a long time.”
2271	1	 Russian ice breakers – or: How the West (also) shoots in the Arctic    
2271	3	 “When the woman springs out of the car,
2271	4	 “The train horse pred Erleicht rung sings.”
2271	6	This Russian speech is one of the most politically incorrect. But it better describes the sudden decision of a group of seven Western countries in the Arctic Council to meet in the future without Russia, without Russia, which, by the way, currently holds the chair of the organization. In 2023 the role of the coordinator will pass to Norway – of course only if there is something to coordinate. Because on the home page of the Internet presence of the Council it says:
2271	8	    The Arctic Council shall terminate all official meetings of the Council and its suborganisms until the end of the day.
2271	10	It looks like the organization is just ahead of it. Russia will take full control of the Arctic, if the partners do not come to reason. The Russian Ambassador to the United States Anatoli Antonov tried to tell the authors of the strange Demarche patiently:
2271	12	    “In the light of such a step, not only Russia as the Chairman of the Council can be concerned, but the entire international community, which is interested in further sustainable development of the region.”
2271	14	He described these events – with Russia’s military special operation in Ukraine as an occasion – as unauthorized politization and recalled that Arctic Council decisions without Russia’s participation are illegal, as they violate the consensus principle established in the principles of the organization. This means that no decision can be made without the formal consent of Moscow. And whoever has hit them and accepted them for implementation is, as a result, a separatist.
2271	16	The fact that there are several pushers in the Arctic Council and Russia stands alone against them, nevertheless, gives them no more rights. And the stakeholders understand this very well – this is heard in the sweet singing and grief of the Western diplomats:
2271	18	    “We intend to continue our activities in the Arctic Council in a limited scale on projects that do not include Russia’s participation. These projects are an important part of our responsibility towards the people of the Arctic, including the indigenous peoples.”
2271	20	And they still try to explain for the esel a little hue – cautiously for all cases:
2271	22	    “We are convinced that the Arctic Council will remain valuable for cooperation in the region and we confirm our support for this forum and its activities.”
2271	24	You see this: Separatists.2272
2272	3	Are you looking forward to an utopia in which you have nothing and eat cups, where a chip in your body is connected to a social credit system that a global government gets everything about you that they need to know?
2272	5	For a few months, the Dutch Party Forum for Democracy (FvD) has produced English-speaking videos on the main topics that threaten our world. In the latest video of the conservative party, the politician Simone Kerseboom takes the subversive World Economic Forum (WEF) on the grain. The politician reveals the dangerous and freedom-fighting agenda of the globalists who took part in their annual meeting in Davos last May:
2272	7	The World Economic Forum, the world elite’s most important meeting, took place at the end of May in Davos after Covid’s two-year break.
2272	9	The usual suspects, from Bill Gates downwards, were all there. The agenda included podium discussions on all possible topics, including freedom of the press, “fake information”, transhumanism, globalization, energy transition and food crisis.
2272	11	A place where the world’s leading politicians discuss plans to limit freedom of speech and predict loudly the loss of wealth and well-being of normal citizens. You will have nothing and you will be happy.
2272	13	While the top politicians from all over the world enjoy their champagne and their steaks, they shed plans to make sure that you, the normal citizens of the world, would eat peanut butter and tofu dishes for the rest of your life. Everything beautiful and well said. All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
2272	15	And between the promotion of poverty and the total monitoring of their populations in the name of the great religions of public health and the fight against climate change, the same governments to represent you and me. We dream of an increasingly globalized world without borders and national states.
2272	17	Ministers from EU countries imagine an EU army. For for differences, a flag is eventually provided by a man wearing on the arm.
2272	19	And then the CEOs of the major social platforms talked about how they control and scan information and decide which information is relevant for you and which not.
2272	21	You no longer have to break the head about the problematic facts that your government or mainstream media present about Covid, the climate or immigration; YouTube, Facebook and Twitter have everything under control.
2272	23	And what do you think of the transhumanist agenda, its attempts to normalize a world in which all of us are inflated in chips that are sold under the cover of efficiency, progress and improvement of the conditio humana, but that technology raises above humanity and at the same time promotes the ultimately noble society?
2272	25	I don’t know how you are, but I still prefer to be able to think independently.
2272	27	Davos is not a forum and not a world forum. But a sectier, ideological and militant western club. Klaus Schwab says his foreign affairs are interfering with the governments of many countries. Politics such as Emmanuel Macron and Justin Trudeau were finally the young leaders of the World Economic Forum. The Dutch Prime Minister is also proud to work on his World Economic Forum every day.
2272	29	Schwab understood in principle that he controlled them. And this is a big problem for politicians and actors of democracy in the Netherlands trying to fight this globalist agenda. Since the World Economic Forum covers the boundaries between private and public organizations, it may be a private organization. But the World Economic Forum is deeply anchored in the public services of states around the world.
2272	31	Applications from parliamentarians of their own governments for access to documents recording the exchange between public employees and the World Economic Forum must only be approved by the World Economic Forum.
2272	33	This undermines the democratic control of parliaments and is an opposition to political transparency. And to the extent that, have you voted for this club of billionaires, world politicians and activists?
2272	35	I don’t know.2273
2273	3	As a climate and energy realistic, I fundamentally dream of the day when the public realizes that climate change will not bring the end of the world as we know it, or even a long-term net loss for the human civilization. This is shown by the data and the best scientific findings, regardless of the claims of corporate media, alarmist activists, corporate leaders and politicians who benefit from money and power by spreading the tale of the end of the world through climate change. Unfortunately, the public rarely hear this truth.
2273	5	A few remarkable examples of the fact that the little alarming facts about climate change have passed on a large scale in recent years are the publication of several bestsellers of prominent liberals who advocate for one of their opinion reasonable climate policies: Michael Shellenberg’s “Apocalypse Never”, Steven Koonin’s “Unsettled” and Bjorn Lomborg’s “False Alarm”. The Heartland book Climate at a Glance for Teachers and Students, which strictly refers to climate science and not politics, has also sold well on Amazon. Despite the success of these publications among the literature and the reading audience, however, I would be surprised if these books sold together more than one million copies in the United States, which has a population of more than 330 million people, or a few million copies among the eight billion people worldwide. Sadly, I suspect that in the United States every day more people are faced with false climate alarm stories in the mainstream media than all of these books have been achieved in the last two years since the first book was published.
2273	7	But the hope dies last, and the climate realists continue to try to break the almost inacceptable wall of disinformation about climate change that was built by the powerful companies, the media and political elites. From time to time, the realists succeed in a full-fledge that presents the arguments of climate and energy realistics so convincing that even the mainstream media and elite magazines take note of it. This happened recently when the New York Times Magazine (NYTM) published an interview with the prominent scientist Vaclav Smil, Ph.D., in which he published his book “How the World Really Works: The Science Behind How We Got Here and Where We’re Going”. (More mainstream and yet elite than the NYTM does not go.) Another direct realistic blow to the climate alarm building occurred with the publication of Ted Nordhaus’s article “Russia’s War Is the End of Climate Policy as We Know It” in the Foreign Affairs magazine.
2273	9	Both Smil and Nordhaus are much more convinced than me that human activities cause a potentially dangerous climate change. Although I do not agree to a certain extent with their assessment of the dangers of climate change, their “real-political” analysis of the inacceptability of the net-zero energy transition in the 2030-2050 framework is convincing and true.
2273	11	Despite the constant blurry of the NYTM interviewer, who fundamentally repeatedly asked the same question and called on Smil to admit that climate change is such a threatening disaster that the world’s leaders and governments have to almost immediately forced our energy systems to decarbonize, Smil refused to go on the cage. His consistent response, based on his assessment of the global energy and material needs, which is necessary to reach the net zero point in the short term, was that this goal is physically and politically impossible. Smil also made it clear that the threat caused by climate change does not justify such a dramatic forced rise.
2273	13	For Smil, the four pillars of modern civilization are cement, steel, plastic and ammonia, each of which requires large amounts of fossil fuels. It follows that those who demand rapid decarbonization to combat global warming are dangerously foolish. “I look at the world as it is,” Smil said to NTYM interviewer and continued:
2273	15	The most important thing to understand is the scope. According to COP26, we should reduce our carbon dioxide emissions by 45 percent by 2030 compared to 2010. This is not possible because it remains only eight years, and emissions continue to rise. People are unconscious of the size of the task and put artificial deadlines that are unrealistic. ...
2273	17	What does it mean to set goals that cannot be achieved? People call it ambitious. I call it crazy.2274
2274	3	Former Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has admitted that the 2015 cessation of weapons in Donbass, which he negotiated with Russia, France and Germany as president, was just a disconnection maneuver to provide Kiev time for the rebuilding of his military.
2274	5	He spoke accordingly this week in interviews with several newspapers, including the Deutsche Welle and the Ukrainian branch of the U.S. state radio Free Europe. Poroshenko also defended the balance of his presidency for the period 2014 to 2019. He said about the peace agreement:
2274	7	    “We have achieved everything we wanted.”
2274	9	    “Our goal was first to stop the threat, or at least to delay the war, to guarantee eight years for the restoration of economic growth and the formation of strong armed forces.”
2274	11	Greatness as a mental illness of Ukraine
2274	13	The former president referred to the strategies of Sun Tzu, which were an inspiration for the deception. In order to win a war, we do not necessarily need to win military battles, Poroshenko emphasized and described the agreement he made in this regard as a win for Ukraine. The Oligarch was not re-elected for President Vladimir Selensky. He had promised to the voters to ensure peace in the Donbass, unlike his predecessor.
2274	15	In the interviews, Poroshenko spoke about his role in negotiating the Minsk agreements, as well as a roadmap for reconciliation between his government and the People's Republics of Donetsk and Lugansk. The former president confirmed that Kiev had not come to the talks in good faith, but after a military defeat, he simply wanted a period of galvanization.
2274	17	The agreements included a series of measures to mitigate the hostilities in the Donbass and to reconcile the war parties. The first steps were a ceasefire and a monitored withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), which was fulfilled to a certain degree.
2274	19	Kiev would then give the rebels a general amnesty and grant the territories of Donetsk and Lugansk extensive autonomy. The Ukrainian troops should take control of the territories held by the rebels after Kiev has granted them a representation and otherwise reintegrated them as part of Ukraine.
2274	20	“Selensky is a war criminal” – Tribunal on the horrific facts of Ukrainian nationalism
2274	22	Poroshenko's government refused to implement these parts of the agreement as it claimed it could not continue until the border between the rebellion republics and Russia is fully secure. Instead, he supported an economic blockade initiated by Ukrainian nationalist forces of the rebellion areas. Selensky's presidency initially prompted the peace process, but after a series of protests, the right-wing radical forces threatened to eradicate the new Ukrainian president if he would terminate his election promises.
2274	24	The failure of Kiev in implementing the plan and the ongoing hostilities with the separatists were among the main reasons that Russia led in its special operation in Ukraine at the end of February. A few days before the start of the maneuver, Moscow recognized the abolished Ukrainian republics as sovereign states, offered them security guarantees and demanded that Kiev withdraw its troops. Selensky refused to follow it.
2274	26	Now the opposition deputy Poroshenko called on the western states to supply more heavy weapons to Kiev so that the Ukrainian soldiers can “complete the task of the West” and defend Europe against Russia. He also called for further sanctions against Moscow and the country’s accession to the EU and NATO as soon as possible.
2274	28	The former president claimed that Russian President Vladimir Putin was the one who broke the Minsk agreements. It is his merit that Ukraine will not fall into the hands of Russia within a few days, as some Western officials had predicted. The country has defended the attack thanks to the military reforms carried out by its government. Moscow did not specify a timetable for its military operation in Ukraine, but only stated that it was going as planned.
2274	30	The Ukrainian Oligarch also called for the “deputinization” of Europe, its country and Russia itself. This would mean that the Russian influence in other countries would be depleted and Putin would fall down. Only so can the world be saved from a “existencial threat” represented by the Russian head of state, according to Poroshenko.
2276	3	Berlin – Now we finally know why the virus – despite the mass terror – could spread so wonderfully:
2276	5	The market surveillance agencies of the countries have found some serious defects in up to 70 percent of the imported masks, fast tests and corona protection equipment in 2020 and 2021. This is by Business Insider. Thus, tons of products were introduced that were of poor quality and could not provide adequate protection against the coronavirus.
2276	7	The background is that in the spring of 2020, the federal government was removing the import orders for masks and other protective goods. Because Germany did not have its own production sites, for example for FFP2 masks, manufacturers should also be allowed to introduce products that are not certified according to European quality standards on the German market. The usual examination failed before the introduction.
2276	9	However, the survey by the authorities shows that producers and importers seem to have profited greatly of this freedom. According to the examiners, often false and incomplete documents were submitted. Furthermore, the tracking of the supply chain has often been a challenge for the auditors.
2276	11	Partly, traders refused to take voluntary measures after a misvaluation. Sometimes the supervisory authorities could not even find the importer responsible for the imports in Germany. “In most cases, the economic actors were unconscious and argued with the alleged technical effectiveness of the masks, the failure situation and the negative economic consequences,” said a spokesman for the intestinal city authority.
2276	13	In addition to the high defect rate, it is brisant: Until today, scratch masks without the product safety label “CE” or other inspections are in circulation. Because although the import of masks and other protective goods without additional investigation to 1. As forbidden in October 2020, importers who purchased from the manufacturers before the day of departure may bring them further into the market. The use is up to 31. May 2022 permits, according to the Federal Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs.
2276	15	Despite the Omikron wave and although there has long been no emergency in the products like the beginning of the pandemic, the ministry does not intend to put the rule out earlier, a spokesman told Business Insider.
2276	17	The clear proof that even masking is not about health, but just about submission.
2276	19	In fact, the federal government should be prosecuted if you get Corona despite the mask. (with material from dts) 2277
2277	3	It's Jair Bolsonaro's latest chuzpe: Instead of fighting the escalating Corona pandemic with real measures, the ultra-right Brazilian president attacks the trick: From now on, Brazil no longer publishes total numbers on the internet about the people who have been sick and died of Covid-19. Following the motto “From the eyes, from the mind”, the Brazilian head of state, often titled as a tropical Trump, wants to hide his total failure in the fight against the Corona pandemic.
2277	5	In a Trump-like ignorance, Bolsonaro has spoken little about the dangers of the coronavirus and thus facilitated its massive spread. In the recorded deaths and infected numbers, Brazil has been on the track of surplus for a long time – not to mention the dark figure.
2277	7	That he now, like Trump, has announced to leave the World Health Organization because Brazil doesn’t need people from outside to give tips on health, shows that he’s willing to continue his course. Two health ministers had to resign during the pandemic. The Interim Minister is a general without any experience in the field of healthcare. If the Council of Ministers of Health from the states that oppose Bolsonaro's course does not stand, the catastrophe continues uninterruptedly.
2278	1	SBU prepares cynical provocation with bodies to accuse Russia of war crimes
2278	3	According to our sources in Kiev, the SBU is preparing a large-scale provocation to accuse the Russian troops of mass murder and the torture of civilians.
2278	5	For this purpose, the bodies of the people killed in SBU-Gewahrsam are transported to the cities of Irpen and Butscha, where bloody struggles have occurred. It is known that these cities were abandoned by the Russian troops as part of the resettlement. The Americans warned the SBU to immediately transport all the shooters in their chambers to these cities and to spread the bodies on the streets and in the destroyed houses. The task consisted of bringing about 300 bodies of dead Ukrainian citizens, including those shot dead in the SBU cells, to Irp and Butscha. In particular, the SBU arrested all persons who worked with Oleg Zarjov in the distribution of humanitarian aid in the Borodjanka settlement. They were shot dead and their bodies were transported to Butscha and Irpin.
2278	7	The cruel recordings of the dead, most of which were shot in the background, are presented to the world media as evidence of the brutal treatment of the local population by the Russian troops. According to the idea of the SBU and its U.S. handlers, all this will follow the scenario of an inscenated “chemical attack” in the Syrian city of Douma. There, the MI6-controlled pseudohumanitarian organization Weißhelme showed a whole show in which it sprinkled the alleged victims of the Syrian chemical attack. Later it turned out that all of this was screened by the White Helmets. Witnesses of the attack later spoke to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) in The Hague, but the organization’s leadership left the investigation down.
2278	9	Since the time of Pjotr Poroshenko, the SBU has had a hand in hand for the organization of “death wreckers”. The SBU-controlled militant groups have committed massacres on dissidents and even committed high-level murders for political reasons. For example, the journalist Pawel Scheremet was shot into the air in his car. The lawyer Jurij Grabowski and dozens of other critics of the Poroshenko regime were brutally tortured and killed.
2278	11	It becomes clear why the SBU in the whole country has launched a righteous search for reasonable people or those who simply have expressed themselves for a cooperation with Russia. Dozens of journalists, public life figures and human rights activists have been arrested and many of them have already been killed. Today, their bodies, as well as dozens of others killed in SBU cells, are brought to Irp and Butscha. In the near future, foreign journalists will also be brought there, so that the recordings of the “Russian Army’s bullshit” will be transmitted from all the media in the world. The U.S. intelligence agencies are very well aware that it is necessary to maintain the rusophobia in the West to show terrible videos and recordings of scored horrors. The provocation with the launch of the Malaysian Boeing was organized according to the same scenario.
2278	13	The presidential counselor, Michail Podoljak, has already started reproducing the images of the bodies on his Twitter feed. Selensky's next step will be the establishment of a public commission to collect facts, photos and evidence to accuse Russia of war crimes. The Ukrainian Presidential Assembly hopes that such a campaign will contribute to the reduction of the negative effects of the publication of the facts about the brutal treatment of Russian prisoners by the AFU as well as the evidence of the intrusion of Nazi ideology into the AFU by all leading Western media.
2278	15	This large-scale cynical provocation serves to establish an international tribunal in the West to investigate “Russian military crimes” and accuse Russia of war crimes.
2279	3	"It has been in the German-Russian conflict for years. The first major breakthrough occurred in early 2014, when Germany saw on Kiev the Maidan Neonazi and supported the unconstitutional coup by Russia’s neighbor. Germany, on its part, was angry that Russia ""anectiated"" the peninsula of Crimea, which is separated from Ukraine."
2279	5	"However, the building of German-Russian relations did not collapse. There was Minsk. The Russian diplomacy was aware that Berlin will not repent its Maidan dogs for their sabotage of the Minsk agreements. But the Russians, together with the Germans, built the energy supply project ""Nord Stream 2"" and therefore looked away from harsh criticism of their economic partners. In fact, these partners have been out of the Minsk process for a long time. "
2279	7	"Then came the “Russian attack war against Ukraine” – as Berlin sees. The history of the invasion and Berlin’s role in Merkel’s “great game against Putin” has been completely shut down. Olaf Scholz announced the alleged remaining German-Russian ""special relations"" at that time. The German politicians directed their angry Philippins to Moscow, and the media began to draw from the Russian president the Adolf Hitler of the present. Russia is now not worthy of the memory of the victory over Nazism, the Tenor of the Federal Chancellor said during his speech on the 8th. in May. Earlier, German companies such as Siemens had withdrawn from Russia’s business, and Nord Stream 2 was stopped with a large pathos on the German side. "
2279	9	The official Moscow reacted angry, but still looked off from an explicit anti-German rhetoric. When Berlin began delivering German sharp munitions and large weapons systems to the Kiev regime, however, the last dames were broken in the media, which still prevented the Russians from repeating anti-German resentments in social communication. The Germans had their unmatched existence to be due only to Putin's German love, one of the votes said. 
2279	11	The Russian president, which is considered a confessing Germanophiler, silently addressed the discourses of the German politicians and polemized with the “community west” – without highlighting Germany. Berlin, however, increasingly threw Moscow all the evils of the world – including the use of “hunger as a weapon” and barbarism as a whole.
2279	13	Then the Federal Chancellor made a further principle speech. With his own sense of date symbolism, Scholz celebrated the 22nd anniversary of the German attack on the Soviet Union. In June, a controversial speech was held in the Bundestag. In that, he announced a new turn of time and promised financial and military support for Ukraine – “so long as Putin finally recognizes his colossal errors.” 
2279	15	"Scholz has mentioned Russia and Putin eighteen times in his speech. He announced the partnership with ""Putin's aggressive, imperialist Russia at a predictable time"" and reminded of the destroyed German cities during World War II. Who and why they were destroyed, Scholz has not mentioned. Russia, on the other hand, proposed a “barbaric war against women, elderly and children.”"
2279	17	"In addition, he promised that in the future Germany will also play a special military role in the European security architecture, especially with regard to the so-called ""Eastern Plant"". However, he has not explained how to a European security space with a state like Ukraine, which praises the bloody Nazis and makes revanchism, oppression and Russian-fobic ultranacionalism an ideological doctrine. "
2279	19	For this, the Federal Chancellor showed that he thinks globally and is firmly determined to “to fight against Putin’s imperialism, but just as well in the fight against hunger and poverty, against health crises and climate change” together with other “democracies of the world”. 
2279	21	From the new Falks of the Opposition, such as Friedrich Merz, no contradiction came to this speech, because it had anyway contained all its positions. Unity in hatred. With this speech, even the last Russian freezers of this country remain satisfied, disappointed intellectual romantics such as the historian Karl Schlögel and Gerd Koenen included.
2279	23	"For years, the author of the ""Russian-Complex"", Koenen, preached the abolition of the last remains of German-Russian romantics until the German-Russian relations became ""stinknormal"". But this will only happen if Russia also applies the full wave of the moral value canon of a Germany in its new appearance of a world enhancer."
2279	25	Almost forgotten. At the beginning of his speech on this memorable day on the 22. In June, Olaf Scholz with pleasure confirmed that the German tankers have finally reached their new area of operation:
2279	28	 “Ukraine gets the weapons it needs in the current phase of war. Just about these supplies and these weapons I talked to the Ukrainian president. We will deliver them today and in the future.” 
2279	30	Since Germany supports an open anti-Russian militarist regime with a Nazi character from a Russian point of view, Russia is also on the way to re-evaluate the German-Russian relationship. But this means in turn that Russia politically now also considers Germany as a “stink-normal” country that has not taken the lessons from its Nazi past. 228
228	3	The European Commission has presented proposals as part of its Migration and Asylum Package to extend the legal migration. But it is only about the EU to establish further legal entrance routes to Europe in order to reach cheap workers,” said Harald Vilimsky, the leader of the freedom delegation in the European Parliament, on Thursday, on the proposal of the EU Commission to facilitate labour migration into the EU.
228	5	Europe to withdraw professionals from countries of origin
228	7	“But these ‘talent partnerships’ lead to a global deterioration in the countries of origin. Therefore, education is no longer offered when well-trained people leave the country anyway. Furthermore, there is a depression on the labour market in the EU and, on the other hand, a stronger migration pressure to Europe,” Vilimsky said.
228	9	Against the interests of European citizens
228	11	“If workers were more easily allowed to enter the EU countries, this would also be an incentive that would not only heat the output strongly, but would also put the labour markets under massive pressure. If we begin to open the doors further to third-country nationals, then this would be a completely irresponsible policy against the interests of European citizens. This, however, is unfortunately attached to the Brussels mixture of inability and unwillingness to limit the mass transport to the Union,” Vilimsky criticized.
228	13	Combating professional deficiency in the country
228	15	“When a lack of professional employment prevails, the mistake lies with the individual EU Member States that appear to have graduated in the labour market. It should be placed here rather than forcing mass immigration,” Vilimsky said. “The alleged better control of the legal migration by the EU is only a further step towards the dissolution of national sovereignty and thus of its own action space in the migration,” Vilimsky said.
228	17	Illegal mass migration is ometected
228	19	A “strict no” to the proposal of the EU Commission came today also from the FPÖ security spokesman Hannes Amesbauer: “The fact that the Brussels Eurocrats think of the existing lack of expertise in many areas is nothing better than putting on the table a large-scale migration offensive is not more surprising, but must be completely rejected. However, to explain this project as an instrument against illegal migration is Hanebüchen. It means nothing but re-etiching and legalizing illegal mass migration, rather than finally establishing an effective border protection to prevent it sustainably.”
228	21	Austria must set a clear veto in Brussels
228	23	“If the People’s Party only puts a bright righteousness to its voters – to whom it has promised a restrictive migration policy – I expect from the OVP chancellor Karl Nehammer, the OVP Minister of Interior Gerhard Karner and the OVP Minister of Labour Martin Kocher an immediate clear rejection towards the EU Commission,” said Amesbauer, adding: “It is sad to be afraid that the OVP will then fall as usual in Brussels. While the media always wants to stand as a hardliner in the asylum and migration policy, there is no desire and no regret to consistently reject such bad proposals in Brussels. And with the Greens as a coalition partner, the ÖVP also lacks the necessary correction in these matters.”
2280	1	Former U.S. President Obama's 'Prepper' Horted at Propangas's Home in Giants
2280	3	The former U.S. President and so far active climate fighter, Barack Obama, can, according to media reports, build three giant Propangas tanks on his Nobel base in Martha’s Vineyard south of Cape Cod in Mssachusetts. It is obvious that he is secure against the rising prices in the US, which will soon rise by more than half. The average U.S. budget does not have this privilege.
2280	4	Obama becomes “Prepper”
2280	6	The local media was alerted to Obama’s “Prepper action”. Whether he has become a cross-thinker remains a mystery. “Prepers,” who are preparing for self-care because they – quite rightly – do not trust the state anymore – are now referred to as right-radical. The competent authority was at all surprised by the extent of the tanks, which has so far been unique for individuals.
2280	7	Gas for me, but not for you.
2280	9	The local newspaper “Daily Caller” received the wind of it and overtitled her Obama report with a loud voice saying, “Gas for me but not for them.” The newspaper was by the approval authority of Edgartown/Massachusetts that a application for a underground propane gas plant for the 79, Turkeyland Cove Road – a property that Obama owns. The tanks are used for private purposes. Two of the tanks each contain approximately 4,000 liters, a tank approximately 2,000 liters of propangas. The Daily Caller asked Obama to comment on his new facility, which has remained out so far.
2280	10	The false politician
2280	12	Obama is one of those politicians who preach water and drink wine. Because just during his term he scored the issue of climate change to hysteria high-propagated renewable energies, demanded a limitation of the use of fossil fuels and a reduction of greenhouse emissions by a third below the level of 2005. In 2021, Obama held a speech at the COP26 climate summit and warned mankind to have hurt the planet by their “acts”, especially with regard to the global temperature developments.
2280	13	No clean energy
2280	15	Even though Propangas releases less CO2 emissions, it is a fossil fuel that Obama has massively intervened against. The facility offered by him is not exactly environmentally friendly. Propan is a colorless burning gas, carbon hydrogen. It is produced with oil and butan, is released from oil fields by separating and refining it from other hydrocarbons (separation and collection of gas from its oil sources. It is pressed and so stored. The burning of propangas occurs among other things. Sweat dioxide, nitrogen oxide, carbon monoxide, methane, etc. Americans operating their heating will have to pay half more for it in the near future. At least this is the estimate of the U.S. Energy Information Agency.
2280	16	60th Party at the Pandemic Height
2280	18	Obama's million-weight house was also the scene of an extravagant celebration to his 60s with 475 guests at the peak of the Corona-Delta variant outbreak in the summer of 2021. The guests came amongst. by private jet.
2281	1	All against Rächz: Historical Success for Le Pen
2281	3	The majority of the banker marionette is blurred there. From Macron it became a Macronette and that now has to cook smaller bread. Marine Le Pens Rassemblement National won 89 seats – more than ten times as many as in 2017. But the historic result for the right-conservative party was doubled by the left alliance “Nupes” around Jean-Luc Mélenchon. Up to 180 seats are possible according to the latest high bills. For Macron’s “Ensemble!” remains the largest batch with up to 250 seats, but the power now has to be divided. This is the result of the usual in Germany long-tested tactics of the “All against Rächz” game.
2281	5	Macron will have to make “approvals”, but these “confusions” will affect all the French, no matter how many social benefits the left coalition can break out, which will not be covered by any budget.
2281	7	Electorally, Putin, the climate change, Corona, or the Germans are guilty of misery, who could be punished by the cheap nuclear power, because of course the prices of gas are rising in France, and not everyone wants to fall as obedient and selflessly into the destruction as the sleeping milk.
2281	9	However, the expenditure of state expenditure for the fight against Rächz is saved in France. Le Pen is too valuable as a horror ghost. If you’ll ever find a bigger role, the shadow powers with the scenario from Houellebecq’s novel “Soumission” already have a Plan B in their pocket. The question is whether the submission among the Islam is still necessary before the Great Reset displaces the entire continent, the Russians invade and the Eiffel Tower is dissolved by a marshal body, or Godzilla emerges from the arm channel, and the dinosaur pockets require a new lockdown.
2282	1	Religious leaders say Covid vaccines are responsible for the rise of “demonic obsession”
2282	3	Meanwhile, there are so many “fullly vaccinated” people who show strong signs of demonic obsession that a new St. Michael Center for Spiritual Liberation and Exorcism is being opened in Manila, the Philippines.
2282	5	According to reports, exorcisms will be performed on people who have been vaccinated against the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) there. Father Jose Francisco Syquia says that he receives about 10 reports every day about demons affecting the bodies of the vaccinated people.
2282	7	The Roman Catholic Church is responsible for the establishment, which according to reports is the first of its kind in Asia. Priests are trained in the art of demon expression, and Syquia, the director of the Archdiocese, will hold the post of the chief exorcist.
2282	9	Officially it is said that the pandemic and all the stress factors associated are responsible for the rise of demon occupation, but in reality, vaccinations also contribute a large part to this.
2282	11	“As a result of more than seven years of prayer, planning and gathering of gifts, this will be the first center of this kind in Asia, if not even in the world,” the Archdiocese said.
2282	13	“This center will take care of those who are listening to the devil, who are thus the poorest of the poor and are usually overlooked.”
2282	15	Syquia says demons had sent him 'SMS' after exorcism
2282	17	The facility will have special rooms where not only exorcisms, but also conversations and consultations can be carried out.
2282	19	“Full obsession,” according to Syquia, represents only about 20 percent of all exorcisms carried out by the Roman Catholic Church. Most exorcisms, according to Syquia, are carried out on people who are “bodyly disturbed” by evil spirits.
2282	21	In the last three to five years, Syquia added, there has been a “strong increase” of witchness in the homes of the people, which is also a factor of the current crisis.
2282	23	The first exorcism course approved by the Vatican was introduced in 2005 and is intended to teach priests not only in Manila but all over the world in the art of throwing demons out of the body and the life of people.
2282	25	The facility in Manila will serve as the headquarters of the Philippine Association of Catholic Exorcists (PACE), which is under the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines.
2282	27	After he had performed the exorcism ritual on some people, Syquia said that the expelled demons sent him a SMS later.” In one case, he wants to have seen a woman drowning after she was obsessed, and how the devil later sent threat messages to his office phone.
2282	29	While Syquia spoke with her wife and her companion, the phone was in a completely different room, he says.
2282	31	“The devil has power over everything that is electric,” the Archdiocese is quoted and adds that the message he received from the alleged demon accused him of being a sinner and a liar.
2282	33	“If, for example, this place is affected and they want to make themselves noticeable, the light usually flakes. If I hold a lecture and use a particular device, the devil would simply turn it off, because he is an expert in everything that has to do with electricity.”
2282	35	In the United States, the obsession of demons is currently in full, especially now where we have reached the month of pride.” Everywhere, children are thrown to parades and bars by their parents and educators, where transgender dragons show their false body parts and read them books about ‘gender identity’.
2282	37	“Demonic activities and even obsession are clearly in advance,” someone wrote in response to the news about the new exorcism institution. “Those who deal with occultism and witch are at risk.
2283	1	Economic Summit in St. Petersburg: Putin explains the situation to Western dream dancers
2283	3	Russian President Vladimir Putin took a long speech at the Economic Summit in St. Petersburg to present his view on the global economic situation and the overwhelming attitudes of the western world. He said nothing that could not be understood.
2283	5	“Our country suffers. Our economy is down there. Inflation is out of control. Gasoline prices are as high as never before. The ships cannot delete their cargo. Families with little children do not receive baby food. Our nation is exposed to the world.” moment. Putin did not say that. It was not about Russia either. Donald Trump was the one who in an article, about as long as Putin's speech in St. Petersburg, demonstrated how the Americans were betrayed by a legally elected president in the 2020 U.S. elections.
2283	7	Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin – What about Joe Biden? A video shows him how he falls from a bicycle somewhere in America during the St. Petersburg Economic Summit while trying to get off. Fortunately, he had a helmet. But it is symbolic. Putin said in St. Petersburg that the western elites would not be able to stay in the seat for a long time until they were drawn from the reality to the ground. The worrying thing is that Putin – unlike Joe Biden – can understand how he comes to his statements.
2283	9	Colonial Kingdom of America
2283	11	Vladimir Putin designated the western world essentially as a colonial kingdom in which one country, the United States, has to say, and all the others have to lead a vasal life with American pro-kings at the forefront of their respective nations. The most brave US vassals are Europeans in the EU, so brave that they do economic policies even against the interests of their own nations. Though the sanctions were harder to Russia, they were harder to those who imposed them. The time of a unipolar world order is over, Putin said, and any attempt to extend it is condemned to failure. The Russian market remains open to anyone who wants to cooperate economically with Russia. But it will be the end of the western foolishness of expanding poor countries by inflation, by inflating the Americans the dollar as the world’s leading currency to pay for real goods with increasingly unvalue papers.
2283	13	In general, a reorganization of the world monetary policy will be shown, in which financial capitalist and real-economically organized economies will then face each other. The fact that the balance sheets of central banks from the blue would simply be increased by printer press, without the current amount of money confronting the corresponding values, has no future anymore. So is BSPW. The currency amount of the dollar has increased by 38 percent in the last two years alone, without any coverage for it. Unlike the Western European countries, Russia has almost endless resources to be used, which is why it is important to focus on it.
2283	15	The Ukrainian War
2283	17	Before the delegations from more than 40 countries, including China, Turkey, Egypt and various nations from Asia and Africa, Vladimir Putin also explained in St. Petersburg what Russia is doing with the “military special operation” in Ukraine. At least he would like that to be understood. The main objective of the “military special operation” is to defend the majority of the Russian population in the Donbass in a war that has been conducted against them in Ukraine itself since 2014. In addition, Russian troops struggled in the Donbass to safeguard Russia’s own development. “The West fundamentally refused to comply with its previous commitments, so the attempt also has no sense to try it again with new treaties.”
2283	19	In this way he probably spoke both of the 1994 Budapest Memorandum, in which Russia, the United States and the UK guaranteed the territorial integrity of a sovereign and neutral Ukraine. Successively, however, the neutrality of Ukraine in the following years was so extended that the latter was to be spoken of a US-Vasall State by excellence, which is not officially a NATO member, but was de facto treated by the NATO as if it was already one. Putin is also supposed to have revoked the breakdown of the Minsk agreement by Ukraine. “In the present situation,” the Russian President said, “in the background of increasing risks and an increasing threat to us, the Russian decision to carry out this military special operation – hard though – has been a compulsory and necessary decision.” This may be considered a predetermined war basis, whoever wants, it may hardly be able to deny.
2283	21	Perspectives
2283	23	In the long run it will remain unavoidable for the European economies to return to a product and value-based economic order in the wake of the financial capitalist decline. For one of these, Russian raw materials are indispensable, so that the embargo on Russian raw materials will not beined for too long. The earlier this understanding is made, the better for everyone. The fact that this is the end of a political era in the western world, and that a reorientation must take place, which will not be sustained with the same staff, which has so far been opposed to this insight, puts the western world in the problem of having to deal with its own economic and political aspects. They once again have long understood that it can only go for themselves to get into what is still to get into. The phrase of WEF founder Schwab, therefore, in 2030 no one will have anything – and that everyone will like it – has a real reason that is less based on an idea but on an economic inevitability, if the weights are not re-established as soon as possible. As inflation increases the wealth of the citizens, the states disguise in this way – and the wealth of the global multi-billionaire clique grows exorbitantly.
2283	25	In this context, it is even more important, as a citizen, not to be caught into a pseudo-moralistic forced positioning through war propaganda, because it means nothing but to solidarize with those who are just trying to pull the fence over their ears. Although the tax burden for the citizens has continuously increased over the years – and has now reached an unbearable level, the average western state debt lies home above that of Russia and continues to rise. The impeccable money printing of the ECB, but also of the Fed, ultimately leads to the fact that the assets that have remained according to taxes are now also devalued by inflation, i.e., being devalued. In order to be able to go through this incredibly dirty development without contradiction, both the power distribution and the fundamental rights of formerly free citizens are now being increasingly overwhelmed. Western states are becoming more and more obvious to a threat to their own citizens.2285
2285	3	The surgeon, radiologist, university professor and president of the Association of Surgeons and Dentists of Rome, Dr. Antonio Magi, described the “Green Pass” as meaningless and unlogic in an interview. Because vaccines can also infect themselves and others with the Corona virus. Therefore, non-vaccination should not be placed as a threat to the public. He also criticized the oppression of scientific findings, demanded a return to rationality, and rejects a vaccination obligation. 
2285	5	    Italian Medical Association Head Against Vaccine Obligation 
2285	6	    Based on scientific facts
2285	7	    The Surreal Ideology Tunnel 
2285	8	    The Green Pass is meaningless.
2285	9	    Vaccinations can infect themselves and others.
2285	11	The Surreal Ideology Tunnel
2285	13	The Green Pass, which is allowed to travel across the EU on the basis of the 3G (vaccinated, genetic, tested) has no “hygiene logic,” Magi said to the online media RomaIT. If vaccinated people can also become infected and others can become infected – what is the benefit of the Green Pass? Based on these scientific evidence, one must immediately leave this “surreal ideological tunnel” and return to rationality. It is wrong not to add vaccines as a “public danger”. They may be a danger for themselves, they may become infected and do not develop symptoms or severe symptoms. 
2285	15	Schizophrene Campaign for Two-Class Society
2285	17	The vaccine protects the vaccines themselves. That is the main thing. If everyone is protected, everyone is protected. You should stop calling no vaccines “no vax”. This leads to a two-class society and a social division towards apartheid. This is not a “movement” but individual citizens. Magi spoke of a “schizophrene communication campaign” between lockdowns and lockings. 
2285	19	Side effects hidden, experts suppressed
2285	21	He criticized that the side effects of vaccines were hidden, which were then known. Similarly, existing drugs against Covid-19 have been suppressed and the voices of experts who consider a mass vaccination in the middle of a pandemic to be “dangerous and mad.” The genes vaccinated so far have not yet completed all the clinical trial phases. On this basis, vaccination can only be voluntary and optional. Protected by strict data protection rules so that there is no conflict between citizens – in a decision that concerns only your own security. 
2285	23	What is in the vaccine?
2285	25	In Italy and many other countries around the world, hundreds of thousands of people have gone on the streets in recent days and protested against the planned introduction of vaccination obligation – temporarily for health and care staff as well as massive sanctions not vaccinated. What Magi said in the interview, many people now know. In social media, therefore, more and more users are wondering: what is in this vaccine that politicians around the world want to force it to people with such humiliation and massive threats.  
2286	1	Nothing goes more
2286	2	Political Roulette The West has put on the wrong numbers. 
2286	4	Politics is a strategy game in which it is necessary to predict as far as possible and to expect with different variants. Therefore, the tendency of Western politicians to see and act politics as a gambling is inappropriate. In roulette, which is a pure gambling, the player puts on certain numbers, for example on straight or unfair. He has a certain time for that. Finally, the croupier says “Rien ne va plus” – “Nothing goes anymore” and let the ball roll. From this moment, the player is delivered to the fate. Such a moment can also exist in politics. Only there is the probability of winning of the straight and the unreleased numbers rarely the same. I think the Western politicians have already missed the moment the Croupier spoke. The ball rolls and it will not land at a number on which our side has placed.
2286	6	Even if a correction should be possible, it is not expected. The public debate in the West is arrested by ancient think schemes. She does not recognize the nature of this war or the size of the challenge. Politics and journalists discuss a superiority that no longer exists. This prevents them from thinking about what directive changes are necessary and possible. The fact that politics is the art of the possible is considered exaggerated. The impossible will not happen.
2286	8	The hybrid war and how it happened.
2286	10	One of the mistakes of current Western politics is that there would be a war on Ukraine that could be limited to this country. Russia has been leading since 24. February is a hybrid war against the political West. The military attack on Ukraine is just one aspect of this hybrid war, the economic component of which is equally more important. With this attack, Russia has created a situation that the West has to respond to. Putin knew very well that the West would react uncoordinated and in a way that especially damages the West itself.
2286	12	How to estimate the character of this war has a significant impact on which strategy you think is right. If it were a pure war about Ukraine, Russia would have had an interest in a quick military victory. The narrative of a miscalculation by Putin would be credible. If, on the other hand, this military conflict is only a partial aspect of a greater attack on the whole of the West, then the Russian interest lies in binding and destroying as many Western resources as possible. In such a scenario, a quick end of the military conflict would be disadvantaged from the Russian point of view.
2286	14	I do not want to doubt that there were strategists on the western side, especially in the US, who had recognized this situation. The proposal to evacuate Selensky very soon after the beginning of the war from Kiev to abroad, speaks about it. However, the Russian side had better anticipated the Ukrainian reaction. She also had better ways to control this reaction. Putin also correctly calculated that the West could not let Ukraine fall unless this case would not happen very quickly. The West was deeply trapped into the conflict, without Russia having to take any escalating steps against the West in the first three months. It was enough to respond to western escalation steps at the same or even slightly lower level. The West, who did not expect the scenario of a long debate, was not prepared for it either. He responded confused. Interest interference has occurred. So far, the West has not taken any measures that are far beyond symbolic policy. This inappropriate reaction was easy to predict. For at least a decade, Western politics has been in its essence a symbol of politics. The entire political and media class is caught in this thinking and action scheme. Itins a group thought that would be better referred to as group thoughtlessness.
2286	16	The previous considerations explain how Putin could come to the view that Russia could stand and even win a hybrid war against the West from an economically underlying position. But they don’t explain why Putin considered this war favorable. Such a war must also lead to economic and military losses for Russia. However, the fact that he considered this war favorable in the second half of February after considering all the circumstances should be unmatched. Otherwise, Putin, who sees himself as a great strategist, would not have begun the war. Especially, he must have calculated the relatively fast end of the oil, natural gas and coal business with the West. This is due to the fact that Russia, before the war, pursued a strategy that led to low natural gas reserves in western warehouses, and that Russia itself now dictates the pace of the withdrawal from the trade.
2286	18	In this way, Putin broke with an economic strategy that has been traced by the Soviet Union and Russia for at least 50 years with good results. Why? The answer is relatively simple. This economic strategy had no future after Western Europe decided to stop the import of fossil energy for less than two decades. Russia could have lost this business slowly and under the conditions of the West or it could have dropped the business under its own conditions and at a favorable time find new customers. The only problem with a fall on its own conditions was that Russia would have given the signal not to be a reliable supplier. This would make it difficult to conclude long-term contracts with other customers. This problem has been solved by the West for Putin by breaking the treaty in the framework of “sanktions”. However, this is only a beauty mistake of the Western strategy. The capital mistake is to believe that the West can afford the breakdown of this business relationship as well as Russia or even better than that. Here it is touched by the central life lies of the western time spirit, the claim that in a predictable time, fossil carbon sources can be abandoned. 
2288	1	“Energy Transition” Is Like Brushed Christmas Giants To The Veterinary Doctor
2288	3	The funding for renewable energy is approximately 100 billion. Euro per year for all subsidies, EEG converts, CO2 taxes, tax relief, e-car purchase awards, state funding programs for everything possible not now too high for our economy? According to the government’s plans, these expenditure will continue to rise considerably.
2288	5	Is it true that more than 2 trillion euros will be needed by 2030 on the way to climate justice, as you call it? Is it not a pocket player trick you do with Mr. Lindner when you move the EEG Umlage from the electricity bill to the tax payment?
2288	7	“The lack of competence, knowledge and education can be recognized by nothing more clearly than by the misuse of terms and units.”A basic knowledge in physics and mathematics is not present in politics and the US media. Power and energy are constantly misused. With capacity, degree of effectiveness and the main aspects of thermodynamics, ignorance is dominated. Mega, Giga or Tera: It doesn’t matter. What a fool out of this is shown in these examples:
2288	9	One wind wheel produces 5 megawatts of electricity (ARD). The sun does not send a bill (GREEN). Atomic and carbon stream block the lines (Professor C. Kemfert). There are many gigabytes (Cem Özdemir) in the power network. Smoking of refrigeration (WDR) The FFF movement: If the ice is melted on the North Pole, the sea level will rise.”The children would have better gone to school on Friday and had learned something from Archimedes.
2288	11	Daniel Günther, MP of Schleswig-Holstein, has recently claimed in the world that his 1.9 GW wind power has produced more electricity than the KKW Brokdorf with 1.4 GW. In fact, the KKW has produced 3.5 times as much electricity, unit: GWh. Who is more stupid, what do you mean? The politician without basic knowledge or the newspaper who has no knowledge of the topic and has nothing corrected?
2288	13	Do you know that there is no renewable energy? Energy cannot be produced, destroyed, consumed or renewed. Energy can always be converted or stored. At the end of all processes there is only heat. The sun continuously sends radiation energy. It can be converted into electric power through the PV and the wind. In coal, oil and gas, solar energy is chemically stored. In the Uranus core, nuclear binding forces are released, which generate heat. If you have chosen physics at school, you can know nothing about the retention rates of course.
2289	1	A New Church, a New Faith, a New People
2289	3	The church adapts to the spirit of time. Now, it has not only adapted itself, but has completely subjected to the Neo-Heddish climate religion. Always and constantly worshiping the climate, with everything you do, thinking about the climate is, to say, a preamble to the new catechism of the Climate Church. 
2289	5	The Christian churches have said goodbye to Christianity. The patriarchal and familistic Christianity, the theoretical conception of the Trinity and the reactionary doctrine of the Empire do not consider it falling from time. They replace the Trinity of Godfather, Son and Holy Spirit with the Trias Climate Apocalyptic, Genderism and Identity Policy. Not the cross, but the abandonment for reasons of climate justice brings the way to the paradise, which is strictly domestically praised as a climate-neutral society. The churches have chosen as their new God the climate they now worship extatistically.
2289	7	Each century has its own irrationalism, which is always totalitarian because it does not know rationality. The Irrationalism of the 21st. The century is in the worship of the climate. “The issue of climate is just one that concerns us at all levels of our Church, from the church to the ECD,” declares the twenty-six-year-old Anna-Nicole Heinrich, the ECD’s president. Heinrich appreciates more correctly than you are probably aware: “We are a church, a community that is always changing, always adapting...” to the spirit of time. Now, the Church has not only adapted itself, but has fully subjected itself to the Neo-Hedon climate religion. Always and constantly worshiping the climate, thinking about the climate with everything you do, that you don’t hurt the climate, is, to say, a preamble to the new Catechism of the Climate Church.
2289	9	Of course, “the flies and insects” do not become rare, and “the birds disappear” not because of the rotors of the wind parks, but because of the metaphysical beings of “sommer dominance with heat waves and remaining rainfall,” as the Council Chairman of the Evangelical Church in Germany, Annette Kurschus, claims, as brave as unknown, but climate-confidence strong. For the climate is strongly shrinking over our guilt, over the great sins of the wicked and sinners of the global north, which have so terribly passed on the climate gods of the global south. The climate chaman of the EKD, Kühnbaum-Schmidt, secondes the chairman with the new dogma: the global climate justice also plays a role.
2289	11	A very large part of global greenhouse gas emissions are caused by a wealthy minority of the world’s population. “Those who suffer most of the consequences of climate change are the least responsible for it – currently dramatically visible in Bangladesh and India.” – Kühnbaum-Schmidt now re-defines the faith as the attitude to be adopted after successfully rejected the knowledge. For in reality, that is, outside the climate church, China and India, named by Kühnbaum-Schmidt, are causing 30.3 percent respectively in 2019. 6.8 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions, while highly industrialized Germany only causes 1.8 percent of its emissions. Germany is behind China, the United States, India, Russia and Japan. So that China and India, which together make up 40 percent of the emissions, are the least “responsible” for climate change, one must believe against better knowledge. The floods in Bangladesh, on which the climate chamanine plays, even represent the opposite of climate change, namely climate consistency.
2289	13	With the transition to the Climate Church, the churches also gave up the right to transcendence. Instead of not having the perspective of the empire from this world, they struggle like a political party, like an ideological pressure group for an inner world redemption. Their new salvation is now called climate justice, their paradise climate neutral society. The Synod of the Northern Church declares this: “Together with the “Churches for Future” alliance, the ZMÖ also urges ecclesiastical actors to make climate protection and climate justice even stronger than before. “The Church’s climate protection measures are far from sufficient. It’s time for us to move forward as churches and take our part of responsibility,” he said in a joint call.
2292	1	The next inflation shock. The price of a euro is 117 cents. 
2292	3	It’s just not going to get better: inflation in the euro area is becoming increasingly threatening. On Monday afternoon, a euro cost 117 cents for the first time. This is a 17 percent increase since the beginning of the year. Experts are concerned.
2292	5	“The fact that the price decline does not stop even before the euro is a questionable development,” says Johannes Nebelsiek of the Institute for World Economy. “For a long time it was uncompromising that a euro always costs around the 100 cents.”
2292	7	The consequences for consumers and entrepreneurs are painful. That everything becomes more expensive, it explains itself. In addition, the circumstance is that in case of unrunded amounts or the issue of reimbursement in the future needs to be recounted differently. Many retailers don’t want to give it to their customers and the cash staff and therefore have all the goods prices rounded up on whole euros, which again increases the pricing.
2292	9	Moreover, workers who have paid their salary in cents have been affected by the euro's rise to 117 cents. You will be advised to switch to pay in euros as soon as possible.
2292	11	In view of these developments, according to Nebelsiek, it is probably only a matter of time until the cent is more affected by inflation. “We have to be stuck on everything now,” the expert explains. “I’t be surprised if we have to pay up to two cents before the autumn.”
2293	1	and Allahu Akbar. 92% more asylum applications, but few Ukrainians
2293	3	The turning of this continent is on high turns and can record a record of migration: already now, 92% more asylum applications have been filed in the EU than in the previous year period. There are no Ukrainians. Target Land for Islamic Migrant Heritage: Germany remains.
2293	5	The EU asylum agency EUAA is able to sign a new record of immigration to the authorities in Brussels again: up to 14. In June, 339,984 people in the EU have filed an asylum request. However, despite the alleged war on Ukraine, only a small percentage of people from Eastern Europe are among asylum seekers. With 22 700, they just submitted 6.7 percent of the applications. Through a special rule, Ukrainians can be directly recognized as civil war refugees without any asylum procedure, without examination.
2293	7	Most asylum seekers are from Islamic countries. 42,900 Afghan and 34,900 Syrians sought asylum in the EU in the first five and a half months of the year. They draw, according to the EUAA – except for the approximately 23,000 Venezuelans who prefer to stay in Spain – prefer to move directly to Germany.
2293	9	In order for Germany to be irreversibly transformed by migration, the Ampelcoalition gives gas. More double citizenship, family reunification for migrants, rapid immigration already after three years, in Germany born children of foreign parents will automatically become German with their birth and more visa options, as well as fast – and of course for the immigrant positive modest asylum procedures.
2293	11	This is just a small selection from the left-green magic box, which under the motto “Germany the Migrants” will now finally change this country. 
2295	1	The West in the Sackgasse
2295	3	Isolating Russia remains one of the three major goals that the West is pursuing in the power struggle against Moscow – in addition to the goal of military “weaking” the country (US Defense Minister Lloyd Austin) and economically “ruining” it with unprecedented sanctions (Federal Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock). It can be stated that the Western powers have failed so far. Although almost three-quarters of all states reject the Russian invasion of Ukraine, almost no country outside the West is ready to join its sanctions against Russia. Also sympathy for the transatlantic demand not to talk to Russian government representatives is extremely thin.
2295	5	The meeting of the G20 Foreign Ministers shows this to the world’s public. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lawrow arrived on Thursday in Bali from Vietnam, where he had spoken with his official counterpart. One day before, he had met with the Mongolian Foreign Minister in Ulan Bator. At the end of the G20 meeting, at which he personally participates, he wanted to meet with the foreign ministers of China, Wang Yi, and Turkey, Mevlüt Cavusoglu. The Cambodian government also announced that it had invited Lawrow to meet with the Southeast Asian Union (ASEAN) in early August. There is no talk about isolation.
2295	7	The G20 Foreign Ministers Meeting. The massive pressure the Western powers had exercised on Indonesia, the current G20 leader, to force the country not to invite Russian government representatives to the G20 meetings in general. As for the G20 summit in the middle of November in Bali, the pressure not to receive President Vladimir Putin continues unminedly. Indonesia is still standing. In view of the foreign ministry meeting in Bali, the West has finally failed: Lawrow is taking part in it. His presence will be visible worldwide on the TV screens – a serious crackdown for the West.
2295	9	What to do? At the G20 finance ministers meeting in April, some Western powers set on a showcase: finance ministers and bank leaders from the U.S., Canada and the UK left because Russia's deputy finance minister was coming to the room with a great trara PR-effective. Of course, this just changed nothing in the situation: Half of the G20 countries do not respond to the demand to isolate Russia, until today. What Antony Blinken, Baerbock and their G7 colleagues offer to the TV this time to make a world-wide impression was not clear on Thursday. The problem is that when the G7 ministers boycott the meeting, they isolate themselves. Indonesia has invited the Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleba as a guest. Per the bar and consortium is enough.
2295	11	3 weeks free reading
2295	13	The newspaper Young World disturbs the rulers in spreading their propaganda. It takes an educational position without better knowledge and works through arguments, quality, entertainment and biss.
2295	15	Check it now and test the young world for three weeks (in the European overseas two weeks) for free. After it ends, the probation ends automatically.
2295	17	- Reading letter by Ronald Prang from Berlin (8). July 2022 at 00:23 pm)The struggle for world domination began in 1990, after the dissolution of the Soviet Union by Jelzin. Jelzin was confident that the United States would accept him as an equal partner. After the dissolution of the former USSR, the US-Americans dropped Russia into regional power. It was intended to establish the former Soviet states as the “underland” of the United States, the explosive expansion of NATO was the first step of submission, one went to the Russian border. The economically weak Yeltsin Russia was no longer an opponent. It was intended to isolate Russia to focus on the global main enemy of China. The planning game would almost be over, Biden dreams that the condemned war in Ukraine will weaken and isolate Russia as long as possible. Russia’s isolation has not worked. The world domination in the hands of the United States is not what the states of Asia want. The weak EU, divided in the national interests of its members, is largely subject to the U.S. demands to the disadvantage of Europeans. Amazon, Google, Facebook, Tesla and others have undergone the world economically, with the exception of China, now it’s about political submission. If I wish that this war in Ukraine ends quickly, the more I condemn the attack of Russia, the more I fear the world domination of the United States. But who wants to prevent that? Should the planet Earth actually fall into the hands of US capitalism? China will succeed in taking over the role of the USSR. I don’t know it, it makes me afraid, I know too little about the so-called socialism system of the Chinese. The future is the time that comes, I said as a young man, now I hope not to have to experience the final phase of capitalism anymore. I’m pessimistic, that doesn’t really fit to a left.
2298	1	Marine Le Pen with a right-wing populist to take over the party leadership
2298	3	The National Assembly just became the stage of an obscure flirt: The President's Party cut two right-wing extremists from the National Assembly (RN) to the Vice-Presidents of the Parliament. In the first round, with absolute majority. In return, the ultra-right made the way free for a macronist chairman who had given them kisses. A deal is a deal. Artigly, the Macronists applauded the speech of the Parliamentary Doyens of the RN, who regretted the loss of the colony of Algeria in 1962 and rejected a threshold for the Putschist generals of the Colonial War (500,000 dead). Marine Le Pen called this “a great moment of democracy.” He added: “If Marine Le Pen takes power in five years, you will remember this week as the first sequence of her ascension.”
2298	5	But Emmanuel Macron adheres to the old doctrine of capital: “Everything, but not the left.”In Parliament and the people, he has clearly lost the majority for his neoliberal policy. Nearly the left coalition Nupes around Jean-Luc Mélenchon would have risen to the strongest force. That is why the president needs an authoritarian turn for the further neoliberal reconstruction of France. The “cordon sanitaire”, with which the right-wing extremists in democracies are usually kept on a distance, he has shed without concern. Macron is hardly going to Le Pen. For years, he has made her a favorite opponent. It is now on the top of 89 Deputies in Parliament, as the third strongest force. Everything is crying in the voice. Le Pen is on the passage, she is looking forward to the 2027 presidential election. No one can claim that they have not read their program: national preference, abolition of fundamental rights (“human rights thunder”) by referendum, free shooting field for the police. And to the capital she has already secured her subsistence.
2298	7	"This flirt takes bizarre forms: When now the Nupes man Eric Coquerel was elected to the president of the Financial Commission, Le Pen voted in the chore with employers, Macronists and other rights an annoying claims: Here is, she says, a thumb of democracy "" against the extremists"" broken. It can go so quickly."
2299	1	High cost and cold feet
2299	3	The price rise continues: the continuing high maintenance costs are likely to make the daily life of wage-dependents more difficult in the future. Particularly households with low and medium income will be affected by rising energy and rental prices this year. In the face of the social explosion, the Household Economy (GdW) seems to get cold feet: at its annual press conference on Thursday, the situation was described as “dramatic” and social peace is “massive in danger”. Representatives of the association swore allegedly cover-like interests of housing owners and renters. “Together, we need to save as much energy as possible in the future, so that our own wallet can be saved as best as possible in the light of price increases,” the GdW said in a statement.
2299	5	It is primarily tenants who are or will be affected by cost increases and literally cold feet. Companies had pre-payments for hot additional costs “many times in close agreement with the tenants,” according to the GdW, “adjusted upwards.” The association, which, in addition to cooperatives and urban housing companies, also represents industrial industries such as Vonovia, has “informed and advised companies from the beginning of the crisis to review and optimize the heating facilities in housing buildings.” The decline of the night room temperature to 17 degrees Celsius announced by Vonovia on Thursday is likely to give a prediction to the “optimal” setting of the heating plants. The association had previously proposed to commit tenants only to guarantee over day 18 and night 16 degrees Celsius.
2299	7	"The expected interest growth and the increase in construction costs led together to an increase in the “needed net rent from 10.62 euros to 16.87 euros per square meter,” the GdW. If housing remains affordable under these circumstances, companies could “not implement housing building financially and first not fund through the rental,” said association chief Axel Gedaschko on Thursday. The social housing construction should therefore be promoted with “five billion euros annually, funded by the Federation and the countries”. The goals issued by the federal government for the construction of 400,000 houses per year, Gedaschko called on Thursday ""a makulature."""
2299	9	"“We must assume that the new building will be destroyed,” Lukas Siebenkotten, President of the German Rental Federation (DMB), said on Thursday in a conversation with the young world. However, an estimated increase of about 60 percent by the GdW would be “a very nice pound.” The goal of the federal government, in particular the construction of the 100,000 publicly funded houses, is ""a mile away"" in view of the current development. Lastly, in 2020, there were only 23,000 new social houses in the country – “a more than renovation this year would be very difficult to implement,” the DMB president said. Instead of demanding additional benefits and grants, “the housing companies should go and develop construction activities.” Because: “We need a social housing offensive with cost binding.”"
2299	11	According to the association, there have been more than 691,000 houses with rental or housing bonds in GdW companies last year. This is about 14,000 less houses than last year. The decline will continue this year as well. Therefore, a “much stronger state acquisition of settlement bonds” is necessary. The association calls for a reduction of the basic business tax rate to 3.5 percent, “heat operating costs” should be covered for renters to 40 percent of net loans. A so-called loyalty aid fund should ensure that the increasing energy costs are removed from operating costs. The withdrawal from the fund takes place according to the idea of the GdW “trustly by the company”.
2299	13	3 weeks free reading
2299	15	The newspaper Young World disturbs the rulers in spreading their propaganda. It takes an educational position without better knowledge and works through arguments, quality, entertainment and biss.
2299	17	Check it now and test the young world for three weeks (in the European overseas two weeks) for free. After it ends, the probation ends automatically.
2299	19	More from: Inland
2299	21	Lindner Streichoffertevom 08.07.2022
2299	23	Weakness for the A-20 plan 08.07.2022
2299	25	“Ab Tutzing all in the ark” from 08.07.2022
2299	27	It was never about more holidays 08.07.2022
2299	29	“We increase pressure on the Greens” from 08.07.2022
