2310	1	Macron and the Ecology, the Great Parade

2310	3	"In terms of ecology, Emmanuel Macron doesn’t know on which foot to dance. Between the invitation of activist Greta Thunberg to the Elysée and the announcement of the construction of new nuclear reactors, the outgoing president likes to play ""at the same time"". "

2310	5	In the beginning there was indifference. Before his accession to the Elysée, Emmanuel Macron didn’t seem to be interested in environmental, energy, and climate issues, the themes of which were generally absent from his 2017 program. It was the appointment of Nicolas Hulot Minister of the Ecological Transition and the decision to launch a crossroads for the planet, after Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Agreements, which allowed him to wear the costume. A metamorphosis that imposed him the air of time and the certainty that he could not go to a second term without relying on a “left” leg now greener than pink.

2310	7	From Greta to Elisea to the promise of new nuclear reactors

2310	9	Also, when Nicolas Hulot resigns in August 2018, there is no question of replacing him with a heavy industry supporter. The ministry will be entrusted to the ecologist François de Rugy, before going to Barbara Pompili, known as an anti-nuclear. The tone remains the same: haro on fossil resources, live the renewables, the end of the world is near, society needs to be changed.

2310	11	The “yellow gloves” movement, which, like a cry of the real, opposed a virulent denial to these obsessions, made the executive tremble but did not distract him from his line of conduct. In February 2019, Emmanuel Macron honored activist Greta Thunberg the Elysée and, later, the Citizen Convention for the Climate, which wanted a response to the “yellow gloves”, resulted in proposals – increasingly more taxes and “ecological” restrictions – to the exact opposite of the movement’s aspirations. A capture of the debate and a democratic travestment that confined to prestidigitation.

2310	13	Two factors have changed the situation: first Emmanuel Macron understood that the young people who parade for the climate will not vote for him, “Rothschild’s bankier”; then the flood of energy prices, making fear of a new grogne, and the way Eric Zemmour took over the subject led him to operate an urgent pro-nuclear turn. We had to change the symbol. The Fessenheim Boulevard now promised the construction of 14 reactors! To pass the pill to the Greens, it also added sea wind and a few hectares of solar panels. It is energetically stupid but electorally profitable. It is the “in the same time” at the top of its art.23100

23100	3	The Pope Francis. The Pope of the Breakdown. The Pope ecolo, an anticapitalist, a friend of the poor and the migrants. The pope is kind with gay and divorced, but hostile to traditionalists. The reformator of the corrupt Roman Curie, the eradicator of ecclesiastical sexual abuses... or rather the pope of paradoxes? In fact, it is with Bayer-Monsanto and BP that François plans to save the environment, with Bank of America and the big names of Big Pharma such as Merck or Johnson & Johnson that he wants to refound an ethical capitalism. Would he be the pope of a new marketing logic? Indeed, it is precisely in the name of the defense of the environment, of inclusion or of social justice that corporate (i.e. private sector) actors of global governance are determined to make their agenda accepted everywhere—that is nothing but to grant themselves the full powers on the planet.

23100	5	Bergoglio, in this regard, is a school case. He chose to make the Vatican a spokesman for this global governance in the follow-up of the World Economic Forum in Davos (WEF). Indeed, the decision makers of this governance, because they no longer intend to exploit to their benefit the search for consumer happiness of the masses, but rather intend to rely on coercion, have now adopted a marketing strategy that seeks to disguise their thirst for power by showing a desire to break with the neoliberal, individualist and energy-giving capitalism. The global elite accumulates all the wealth it still lacks, confiscates public freedoms and concentrates powers in its own hands, but it clothes this coup in an ecological narrative, focused on the common good, hostile to individual freedoms and critical to the free market. The message that François addresses to the world is one of the most beautiful examples of this new com’.

23101	1	The European Union is organizing the Month of Diversity and Inclusion. All on your plans!

23101	3	“Promoting Diversity and Inclusion” is one of the major workshops of the European Commission that launched this spring the “European Capital of Inclusion and Diversity Prize”. Its objective is: “To see a more equal Europe emerging in terms of disability but also gender, racial and ethnic origin, religion and belief, age, LGBTIQ rights and Roma integration. »

23101	5	This is one of the components of the European Union’s Action Plan against Racism 2020-2025. Eight European cities were awarded their Grand Pump Prize on 28 April, a preamble to the opening of the European Month of Diversity. A initiative that started in 2020, the diversity is celebrated, from now on, every month of May until death follows.

23101	7	The gold medal went to Cologne, followed by Gothenburg, “who saw the birth of Greta Thunberg.” This talent deserved a gold medal. The bronze medal went to Barcelona. What about France? Nothing. and NADA. We are not diversified and inclusive. The city of Arras was among the 22 preselected cities of the 82 candidates, but we remained there.

23101	9	Note, by the way: knowing that the European Union has 400 cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants, that the competition was open to agglomerations with at least 50,000 inhabitants and that only 82 cities have appealed, it can be concluded that this has little interest in European citizens. However, the Commission has not laid down on advertising campaigns.

23101	11	The European Union is funding “initiatives aimed at promoting diversity and inclusion and fighting inequality and discrimination, especially in the Rom community.” With a budget of €1.55 billion for the period 2021-2027, the programme “Citizens, Equality, Rights and Values” (CERV) is, we say, “the most important EU fund ever dedicated to the promotion of rights and values in the EU.”

23101	13	On the paper it is idyllic. The Commission brings ideas to the attention of companies and other associations signing the 26 Charter for Diversity ratified by 14400 organizations. The aim of the May of Diversity is, therefore, first and foremost, “to fight discrimination through measures that go beyond the current legislation,” so, it’s for everyone its own small idea.

23101	15	For those who lack it, the European Union proposes events and actions to promote its small store, knowing that a label allows you to be referred to on Google Maps, the map, “recovered at national and European level, thus giving visibility to your event! Helena Dalli, European Commissioner for Equality, says: “With organizing an event for or in collaboration with your employees, or an event open to the general public, your customers and suppliers (sic), you will show your commitment and celebrate diversity while awarenessing members of your organization. »

23101	17	The European Union has published a “Inspiration Guide to Celebrating the European Month of Diversity”. The guideline is “to engage in finding links between the different reasons of discrimination you address in your policies and activities of diversity and inclusion, and then to engage in actions that address multiple areas of discrimination at the same time.”

23101	19	Over time, entrepreneurs may have other concerns in mind!

23101	21	On the occasion of Balthazar, you can make a fair in Frankfurt in Toulon and an anchoiade in Wiesbaden; then you will receive “a congratulations message once your event is labelled” and you will be able to recover “the communication kit with the graphic elements of the Beautiful Month of Europe” (logos, posters, flyers, banners...). It is nice, right?

23102	1	Historic drought threatens agriculture

23102	3	A severe decline in snowfall and rainfall and very high temperatures: Northern Italy faces its worst drought in 70 years. As lakes and rivers dry, agriculture and the energy sector fear the extent of damage.

23102	5	Since the 2003 canyon, the country has experienced “the six most dry years in its history,” reminds Francesco Vincenzi, president of the Association of Irrigation Consortiums (Anbi). But this year is not like the rest. Not only for the severity of the situation but also for the period in which it occurs. “If, before, we were talking about drought from July 20, there is June 23 and we are talking about it for at least twenty days,” he warns.

23102	6	Snowfall has decreased by 70% this winter and rainfall has decreased by half since December.

23102	8	The first witness and victim of the tragedy: The Pope. This river of 652 km, the longest in Italy, crosses the north of the country starting from the Alps, west, towards the Adriatic Sea, east. An animation made with the satellite images of the European Space Agency (ESA) compares the state of the river in 2020, 2021 and 2022. The conclusion is troubling. We see the flow of water that gradually decreases, leaving space to increasingly wider sand beaches. The flow of the Po has so decreased — up to 80 percent — that the salt water coming from the Adriatic Sea has managed to rise over 30 km to the inside of the land. A risk situation for drinking water supply and for agriculture. “You can’t irrigate with salt water, otherwise you burn everything,” explains Francesco Vincenzi. In addition, the infiltration of salt water means long-term consequences because “it will take years before it disappears from aquiferes.”

23102	10	In the north of the river, the large lakes are also dry by sight. Lake Major would need more than 2527 million m3 of water to return to its average, according to Anbi, and Lake Côme has a filling rate below 12%. In addition, the same lakes are partly feeding the rivers through a regulatory system. “When one says the lake is dry, it doesn’t mean it’s empty,” says Matteo Cislaghi, hydrologist at the Lombardy Environmental Protection Agency (ARPA). Indeed, at a certain level, the water will no longer be released because “not only it will no longer reach the output mouth [from the water retention], but in addition, it will kill the lake,” the hydrologist explains.

23102	12	The cause of this historic drought: an accumulation of crises. Snowfall has decreased by 70% this winter and rainfall has decreased by half since December. The region of Piémont remained for 110 days without a drop of rain. To all this, exceptionally high temperatures are added, sometimes up to 3 °C in addition, leading to the early flourishing of little snow on the mountainous heights.

23102	14	Consequences: “the availability of water does not allow to meet all needs at the environmental, agricultural and industrial levels,” says Massimiliano Pasqui, a researcher at the Italian National Research Council’s Dry Observatory (CNR).

23102	15	The farmer becomes obvious: 50% of its corn production is under danger 

23102	17	Access to drinking water remains guaranteed, however, all contacted interlocutors confirm. However, hundreds of municipalities across the concerned regions have decided to limit the use of water. In Milan, for example, it is prohibited to fill your swimming pool or even clean your car by jet. In Piémont, two municipalities closed the robinets at night, the regional counselor responsible for the environment, Matteo Marnati, confirms. “In areas where aqueducs are older, there are problems of loss. We can solve them by bringing water to caterpillar trucks,” he explains.

23102	19	The sector most affected by this crisis is agriculture. Like all the producers of the Poe bassin, Davide Canegrati is now living “to the day to the day,” hanging on the weather forecast. On Tuesday, June 28th, the rain arrived. If it has temporarily relieved the rivers and lakes, it has not been enough to fill the water deficit. The farmer makes it obvious that 50% of his corn production is compromised. “Since April, it has been possible to irrigate, in whole or in part, only 30 hectares of the 50 where the plant is grown,” he explains. As for its 70 hectares of prairie, they are also dry. This production serving to feed his cows at the end of the season, Davide Canegrati will surely have to choose between decreasing “at least 25 percent” his farming or buying food elsewhere, despite the price flows caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

23102	21	On a wider scale, it is all the agriculture in the Pô basin that is at risk, knowing that it alone produces 40% of Italian food, including phare products such as parmesan. In Lombardy, the yield of wheat has already decreased from 30 to 40 percent in some places, says Ermes Sagula, head of the assistance center within the Coldiretti Lombardy farmers association. Today, the damage to Italian agriculture is estimated at more than 500 million euros. “At the end of the year, we will probably have a figure that exceeds the billion,” he continued.

23102	23	Another cause of drought is energy. Most hydroelectric power plants are slowing down, or even stopped like those on the Serafini Island, 70 km south-east of Milan. By the end of 2022, production can be expected to decrease from 55% to 60% for large power plants and from 70% to 75% for small power plants, according to Assoidroelettrica, an industry association. “This is a serious situation knowing that the energy that will not be produced with water will have to be with gas, whose prices are extremely high,” says Paolo Taglioli, CEO of the association. The greenhouse gas emissions will make the problem worse.

23102	25	    “We have the illusion that this resource is infinite while that’s not the case.” 

23102	27	To tackle the crisis, the Pô River Basin Authority insists that the available water collection needs to be reduced by 20%. Then, the solutions will need to be thought in the long run because “the emergency is structural,” reminds Matteo Marnati. Indeed, all indicators show that such episodes will become more frequent. “Temperatures increase and our glaciers decrease,” says Orietta Cazzuli, head of the Arpa Meteorological Service. As for rains, “there are no signs of decrease,” but they may be less and less regular and more intense.

23102	29	There are proposals on the table to avoid getting dry in the future. Matteo Marnati is pushing for the creation of new barracks in the Piémont region in order to capture more rain water. With 600 digues and about fifteen lakes, Lombardy is a region rich in water resources. “What is needed is a better water management,” says Damiano Sirmine, the environmental association Legambiente. According to him, regional agriculture, mainly based on rice and corn, water-gourmand crops, must adapt. “We must accept that in this scenario of climate change, agriculture must change its production choices,” he continues. To all this, Massimiliano Pasqui adds a cultural change. We need to learn how to save water. “We have the illusion that this resource is infinite while that’s not the case. »

23102	31	Moreover, in the past few weeks, the drought alarm has also begun to sound in regions in the center of the country, such as the Toscana, the Marches or even the Latium. The government on Monday, July 4, declared the state of emergency in five northern regions and announced the unlocking of a fund of €36.5 million to cope with this drought.

23103	1	Covid-19: a France without a direction or a puzzle face to the seventh wave

23103	3	Few preventive messages, no strong measures, all on the ground of scientific uncertainty: the management of the pandemic suffers from the fatigue of the French, but also from the competition of other crises, while the number of daily cases rises to 100,000 in average on 1 July.

23103	5	No one knows exactly how far it will go. Since the beginning of June, the seventh wave is spreading in France and the variants of Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 are rapidly spreading in the population. The consequences for mortality and the health system are still limited, but the figures flame and the hospital is more fragile than ever. Last week, the chairman of the scientific council, Professor Jean-François Delfraissy, estimated, on the RTL antenna, that tensions could occur in the hospital system by the end of July. According to the latest government data, on July 1, 960 people infected with Covid-19 are in critical care, with a recovery started since June 20. More than 16,000 people are hospitalized, with now a thousand daily admissions. An increase of 31% over the last seven days compared to the previous week. By 1 July, 100,000 new daily cases were, an average increase of 60% compared to the previous week. The increase does not weaken.

23106	1	A COP of Cities to Fight Climate Change

23106	3	Talking about climate change is calling on the last catastrophic events we face every time. Let’s think of the heat wave that has shaken India and Pakistan recently, let’s think of those that are touching Europe, no longer a month passes without a warning signal being issued. Floods, floods and fires. The earlier, the more intense, the more devastating, these episodes always more remind us of our fragility and the urgency of action.

23106	5	The COP 26 in Glasgow did not meet the expectations. Incapacity to raise the level of ambition, incapacity to stabilize what is necessary in terms of solidarity with the South States, we have been invited to the spectacle of pousive multilateralism.

23106	7	The emergency is there, the threat is approaching, the Giec reports no longer leave escape. The warming is of human origin. The limit to 1.5 °C is only possible at the price of rapid and massive changes. The worst is not certain, but success imposes a decarbonation trajectory from which we are still far away.

23106	9	To the deep noise of this threat, more and more stupid, adds the one of the crises that took place where they were no longer expected. The Covid-19 and the War in Ukraine. In too many countries, these crises have led to privileging what belongs to “here and now”. We must continue to address the climate problem before it is too late.

23106	11	We need promises and means. We need a systematic response so that climate migration does not produce more uncontrollable cascade effects. Not teaching these questions exposes us to the risk of a departure with the vulnerable countries. But we have to stay together, humanity is at stake.

23106	13	Let everyone take their part.

23106	15	It is now important to find new balances, first of which the construction of an extended multilateralism that allows everyone to take the part that lies with it.

23106	17	The cities are there, they have always been, even in the dark times. They find their hands with the means they have to face. They invent, they create, they embark on local actors to invent a model of society that takes into account local resources.

23106	19	Cities, including those with the most modest budgets, are full of ideas. Resources are created, sometimes the product of public policies, sometimes a citizen rise, carried by informal networks. It is the wealth that allows optimism.

23106	21	Today, the means are on the table, but they don’t always find their destination. Financial frameworks built on banking logic do not always meet the guarantees that cities are able to offer. Without confronting these structural difficulties, it is a set of cities that are kept away from development aid.

23106	23	Today we need to create the conditions for a widespread dialogue, a carrier of exchange, justice and attention to the most vulnerable. This is why the “COP of Cities” will be held on 1 and 2 July in Abidjan around a hundred world city mayor gathered for the occasion.

23106	25	It will stand on a continent affected by climate change and which requires only one thing: its dynamism, its creativity, its youth to the service of the general interest. You can count on us, the mayor of the cities of the world.

23106	27	You can rely on our vigilance, on our determination to do everything in our power to change the course of things.

23106	29	The signatories: Anne Hidalgo Mayor of Paris, Robert Beugré Mambé Governor of the Autonomous District of Abidjan, Souad Abderrahim Cheikh El Médina of Tunis, LaToya Cantrell Mayor of New Orleans, Philippe Close Mayor of Brussels, Frank Cownie Chairman of Local Governments for Sustainability (Iclei) and Mayor of the City of Des Moines, United States, Willy Demeyer Mayor of Liege, Franziska Giffey Mayor, Governor of Berlin, Roberto Gualtieri Mayor of Rome, Ron Huldai Mayor of Tel Aviv-Yafo, Grégo Junodic Syndic de Sadiqne, President of the Municipal Government for Sustainability (Iclei) and Mayor of the City of Des Moines, United States, Willy Demeyer Mayor of Liege

23107	1	The Pride of the Suburbs, the Queer March of Popular Quarters

23107	3	Two years have passed since the first Pride of the suburbs, two years marked by a health and social crisis with terrible consequences. Two more than proving years for us are the quers, the inhabitants of popular neighborhoods, the racised, the precarious, the paperless, the exile, the handy, the neuro-atypical, the seropositive, the sex workers, the trans, the non-binary, those whose identities and expressions are considered incompatible. Two years we have been crying many disappearances within our communities.

23107	5	The presidential election left place to an increasingly distorted and corrupt public debate, animated by LGBTQIA + phobies, Islamophobia and rising racism. Every day, on television, on radio, we are pointed with the finger, insulted. Our rights are denied, our dignity is violated. While we are regarded as monsters, criminals or terrorists, the political inaction regarding the emergency situations we suffer remains. The uncertainty we have always experienced is strengthened by an entrepreneurial management of the crisis, by a resigned government that makes us understand every day its lack of interest in our lives.

23107	7	We are faced with the poor housing that affects one in sixteen people, the saturation of food aid, the increasingly difficult access to the prefecture or public administrations, and the intensification of the police repression that has always been our daily life (1). As people who are racist, there is a fear every time we want to be treated, the fear that health professionals are not trained to take care of our situations. A fear every time we find ourselves at a hole: “Will I be taken care properly or will I be neglected because of my (or my) identity?”

23107	9	Satisfied emergency accommodation services

23107	11	Among all these injustices, this year we must insist on the strict application of the fundamental right to decent habitat. In Seine-Saint-Denis, emergency accommodation services are systematically saturated: 71,011 expressed accommodation applications have not been provided throughout the year, leaving 9,653 people on the street, without assistance (2). We, who are of popular neighborhoods, are surrepresented among these homeless. In fact, it is frequent that, as a result of violence, whether it is physical, psychological or economic, we are excluded from our homes without having a housing solution. However, no reception equipment is currently in accordance with our needs.

23107	13	The emergency can no longer wait. No one will fight for us if we, LGBTQIA + popular neighborhoods, do not lead the fight by ourselves. Our allies don’t support us. Our belief is as follows: the answers that will allow us to return our dignity are universal. Our struggles will benefit many of our affairs. As Anna Julia Cooper said, “When they enter, we all enter,” it means that opening the door is opening it to everyone.

23107	15	Let us be immensely numerous on June 4, 2022 at 14 p.m., place René-Dumont in Saint-Denis to make our anger heard. To face with our sisters, our brothers, our adulphs. To exercise our rights. Let us unite under the banner of the celebration of individuals and communities! Join us to fight exclusion! Let us build together a society in which human dignity is unconditional!

23107	17	To create the force ratio we need we call on everyone to join our call to demonstrate by signing it on the website: https://www.pridedesbanlieues.fr /

23107	19	(1) “26th Report on the state of poor housing in France 2021”, Abbé-Pierre Foundation.

23107	21	(2) “Activity Report 2020”, Interlogement93.

23107	23	"(3) ""Demarginalizing the Intersection of Race and Sex: A Black Feminist Criticism of Anti-Discrimination Doctrine, Feminist Theory and Anti-Racist Politics"", by Kimberley Crenshaw, 1989, pp-160."

23107	25	Signators: Barbara Butch, Enza Fragola, Fatima Daas, Lexie Agresti, Minima Gesté, Ocean Michel, Shirley Souagnon, Tahnee, Tal Madesta, Yazid Mallek; 1 001 Lesbiennes et Queers, Aides, Act Up-Paris, Centre LGBT Paris Ile-de-France, Diivines LGBTQIA +, the Front de Libération Transfem, Goudou·e·s on Roues, Iel8 - Collectif féministe de Paris 8, Queer Education, Voix Deterres.

23108	1	In Russia, these countertruths are as scary as absurd.

23108	3	Vladimir Putin is probably losing the war in Ukraine, but he is about to win his other war, that which takes place in Russia against truth and information. A lead cap fell on the country, and an orwellian propaganda system was established, preceded by the dismantling of any opposition, the closure of all free media, the abolition of any critical association. As a result, on the eve of the commemoration of the victory of the Allies and the end of the Second World War, many Russians see in the “special operation in Ukraine” a fair and justified war. Between the television channels continuously broadcasting as scary as absurd counterverities and the political and military announcements carefully hiding the humiliation of the Russian army in Ukraine, the inhabitants refuge in a political apathy or, worse, in a strengthening of anti-Western prejudices in this part of the world.

23108	5	The sanctions, which are just starting to be felt, will probably accentuate this way. Western pressure is not in any way intended to convince the Russian people to oppose the autocrate that leads them: it was to cut Putin from his base of support in the economic, military and political elite of Russia. While a grotesque scan is taking place in Moscow to compare Ukraine to Nazi Germany, it’s still too early to know if these measures will have the expected effect. The number of oligarchs forced to escape, or suddenly deciding to fall through the window, leaves the assumption that Putin has no intention to give up the warrior madness that leads him. This vicious circle demonstrates well that not only the freedom of the Ukrainian people is at stake, but also the freedom of the Russian people.

23110	1	Russian gas crisis: ecology and democracy decline in Germany

23110	3	Due to the Russian gas rationalization, Germany resusits coal and is wondering about nuclear power, things unthinkable a year ago. The side effect of this economic and political reversal: the strengthening of central power against local powers.

23110	5	After Poland, Bulgaria and Finland, France, since June 17, is no longer receiving Russian gas. If the flow toward Germany, Italy or Austria has beenined, Gazprom has, however, reduced the flow by half, rejecting the official acceptance by the European Union of the entry application of Ukraine.

23110	7	It is a very heavy blow for Germany, which usually imports 58 million m3 of Russian gas each year, against only 13 for us. Gazprom’s chairman Alexei Miller said: “Our product, our rules. We don’t play according to rules that we haven’t done.” In France, we are quite calm: stocks are filled at 56%, which is more than usual in this period of the year.

23110	9	On the contrary, in Germany, the Russian invasion made it aware of the enormous mistake of cooperation with Putin around the Nord Stream gas pipeline, which Angela Merkel was so proud to have built in 2010, explaining then, facing Polish warnings that, even during the Cold War, Russian gas had never ceased to arrive...

23110	10	German Half-Tour: Coal Return and Nuclear Debate

23110	12	The irony is total: it is the ecologist Robert Habeck, Minister of Economy and Climate – yes, that’s his title – who came to announce yesterday to the Germans the passage to the level two out of three of the national gas emergency plan, involving a more sustained activity of the power plants. Coal is the worst way of producing energy.

23110	14	In fact, the country’s gas stocks do not allow to cover the needs of the next winter. The debate stretches, because, in the German law, families are priority over in case of fuel deficiency. But the spectrum of recession is already pointing to the end of its nose. So if the industries, pillars of the country’s economy, have to produce less this winter, it will be cold in the houses, but the social climate, he, risks to be very hot.

23110	16	And while, after the Fukushima factory crash in 2011, Germany had decided to close all its nuclear power plants, the finance minister, liberal Christian Lindner, proposed that the last three, which had to close their doors at the end of the year, see their lifetime prolonged, in order to “assure the country’s energy security in the coming years.”

23110	18	The German government is a coalition of three parties. Social Democrats and Greens are very anti-nuclear, the opposition to this energy is the founder of German ecology. On the contrary, the liberals, relays of the patronate, are in favour of this energy. Who will win it? We don’t know.

23110	19	For the Germans, the winds, it will be force or force.

23110	21	Another debate, the issue of winds, whose development is increasingly controversial in France. Germany, which has already counted three times more than us, wants to increase their number by three over the next ten years, to cover 2% of its territory with giant pales.

23110	23	For this, an effective way: their development has just been legally regarded as a matter of national security. Finish the local dialogue and other “impact studies”, to slow or prevent their construction. This will be imperative. The distances that existed until then between the winds and the houses, at a minimum of 800 meters, have been removed.

23110	25	The change is widespread in a federal country like Germany, where the federal states have strong powers. For many ecologists, the ecological transition is a chance to revive democracy, especially at the local level. Of course, this is partially true.

23110	26	Ecology against local democracy

23110	28	But the Russian gas crisis, which is nothing in the face of the extent of changes that would require a complete ecological transition to fully renewable energy sources, shows that our delay, to us, the inhabitants of wealthy countries, is too important to leave time for local deliberations and choices. Robert Habeck thus considers that it was a “feil” not to have built even more winds in the past.

23110	30	The ecological crisis is, first of all, a decrease in the living level, with a rise in food and energy prices, as we see now, and which will, of course, increase in the future. But the ecological boundary will also strengthen the central powers, and thus bring democracy back, because it will need to act faster and stronger. For example, the image of the strong rescue of the French nuclear program, decided by our president a few months ago without any debate. The difference between the Germans and us is that we, the discretionary power of the head of state, are accustomed to it. Unless the current composition of our Parliament changes things.23111

23111	3	Fabrice Leggeri has just announced his resignation as the executive director of Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency. This resignation arises after months of successive disclosures regarding Frontex’ involvement in human rights violations, as part of its operations at the border of Eastern Europe and Greece. Having focused my research on the Central Mediterranean for more than ten years, these discoveries do not surpris me at all. As part of one of the investigations I conducted within the project Forensic Oceanography (Death by Rescue, 2016), I demonstrated that during the summer of 2014 Frontex conducted a real campaign to stop the Italian military and humanitarian operation Mare Nostrum. While the operation launched in 2013-2014 was able to proactively rescue a large number of migrants fleeing Libya in dramatic conditions, Frontex accused it of constituting a “air call” leading to more passes.

23111	5	In order to dissuade migrants from accessing the European continent, the agency has made every effort to end the operation Mare Nostrum and to replace it with an operation from Frontex, Triton, far distant from the Libyan coast, whose objective was the control of the borders and not the sea rescue. This operational change was implemented despite the unanimous agreement of the stakeholders defending the rights of migrants, and even internal assessments at Frontex that predicted that the end of Mare Nostrum would lead not to less passes but to more deaths in the sea.

23111	7	It is this reality that has tragically materialized itself, especially with the 18th April 2015 shipwreck, the deadliest in recent Mediterranean history with more than 950 dead. As a result of this disaster, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker admitted that “it was a serious mistake to end Mare Nostrum. It costs lives.” (1). It could have been expected that, as a result of this recognition, Frontex will be punished for its role in this deadly operational change. There was nothing: Frontex’s operation was strengthened and its budget increased. And the deadly vacuum of rescue left by the end of Mare Nostrum has never been filled.

23111	9	From deceit to impunity

23111	11	All of this may seem far away. But today, Frontex aircraft and drones inform the Libyan coastal guard of the presence of migrants to be intercepted and brought back to Libya, despite all that we know of the unhuman conditions that are reserved for them. However, this older episode deserves to be remembered because it clearly demonstrates Frontex’s role in the construction of migrants as a threat, the establishment of increasingly expensive and militarized border control operations, the deceit for the lives and rights of migrants that encourages the agency, and the impunity that has been organized around its activities. Despite the public and political pressure that Frontex faces today, this state of fact is not fundamentally questioned, and the departure of Fabrice Leggeri will not significantly change the situation.

23111	13	But there is more. The European Union has been implementing a selectively open policy for migrants fleeing Ukraine for two months. For a limited group of people, a paradigm change has been made: to allow the mobility of people seeking refuge and to recognize their rights rather than to seek to block them at any cost. This open gap today makes clear to the greatest number what has long been for many researchers, researchers, actors and actrices of civil society: the restrictive and militarized approach of the EU is not a fatality, a more open and respectful policy is possible, and it would make actors like Frontex superfluous.

23111	15	On May 15, the Swiss citizens will vote on the funding of Frontex. This referendum gives the opportunity to the Swiss population to cease to be a complice of an agency whose increasingly expensive activities have never ended the “migration threat” that Frontex has contributed to building, and which are caused by the violation of the rights of migrants and thousands of deaths in impunity. A “no” of Switzerland to Frontex’s funding could have a European resonance and contribute not only to questioning the agency but to a fundamental reorientation of European migration policies.

23113	1	U.S. and EU strike Putin in full portfolio

23113	3	United as rarely, the United States and the European Union have taken severe economic restrictions against Russia. Beyond the effectiveness of these measures, the question is whether the Ukrainian crisis will finally sound the beginning of the end of deregulated finance, the main support of all the mafias and dictatorships in the world.

23113	5	The joint statement to the European Union and the United States, available here in French, clearly says: “The war led by Russia constitutes an aggression against the fundamental international rules and standards that prevail since World War II and that we are determined to defend. We will ask Russia to report and we will collectively ensure that this war is a strategic failure for Putin. »

23113	7	Faced with Putin, the United States and the EU, itself united for the first time in its short history, brought out the heavy economic artillery: the exclusion of some Russian banks from the world message SWIFT; the frozen assets of the Russian Central Bank; and the end of the “gold passports”, these passports a little too easily sold – yes – by some states, including Malta and mostly the UK, to Russian oligarchs in exchange for investments on the site.

23113	9	SWIFT: The line is cut off

23113	11	"Designed as the “financial nuclear weapon” by Bruno Le Maire, the SWIFT network is the way by which the world’s banks send transfer orders. Founded in 1977 to replace the tellex, SWIFT (acronym for ""Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication"" and which means ""brompt"" in English), a private company located in Belgium, is the notary of the banks: any message sent on it has contract value. In fact, even today, the settlements between the world’s banks may take days. But decisions are instantaneous. SWIFT then holds each accounting bank in front of the others of the transfer orders it has passed: if this was written on SWIFT, it will have to pay."

23113	13	And no bank in the world, not even the Bank of America or Goldman Sachs, the 2008 crisis has proved it, cannot betray its word without being immediately excluded from the world game. The idea of depriving Russian banks of access to the network is therefore excellent. Germany, initially opposed because it was afraid that it could no longer pay for its Russian gas, and which was more afraid of the disturbances in the world trade of which it is so dependent, but which found itself isolated after the losses of Austria and Italy, joined the common decision.

23113	15	One of the main lessons from the Ukrainian crisis is the reversal of Germany, which for the first time made the interests of the European Union go ahead of its. It has just increased its defense budget strongly, after leaving France to defend Europe alone against Islamic terrorism in Mali and in many other places where French soldiers have lost their lives.

23113	16	An impotent Russian central bank.

23113	18	Among all the crazy events of the moment, the fact of paralyzing the action of the Russian Central Bank is the most surprising. The decision of the United States, Canada, France, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom, consisting of prohibiting the Russian Central Bank from using its euros and dollars, will result in preventing it from defending the ruble, the price of which has already seriously devoted.

23113	20	In order to protect your money, you need to buy it. And to buy it, you need foreign currencies, euros or dollars: the Central Bank of Russia cannot buy rubles with rubles. Its currency will thus collapse in the coming days – and that’s especially because ruble holders now know that it can’t defend it. But a falling ruble, it is the prices of imported products that immediately rise, causing dissatisfaction of the population. Politically, it is very well played by the Western people.

23113	22	Furthermore, the Russian Central Bank will not be able to use its currencies to support its banks, which, without access to the Swift network, will be weakened. The pressure on the Russian banking system is high. It reduces Russia to the level of very few countries in the world, such as Iran, Venezuela or North Korea, real parias of the international system with which no one wants to trade (legally).

23113	23	Oligarques go home?

23113	25	One of the most delightful financial practices in recent years has been the fact that several countries sell their passports to the most offering, in exchange for investments in their country. The practice was launched by Malta in 2014, allowing all worldwide traffickers to freely circulate within the EU, which Malta is a member of. A thing so serious there that she cost life to Daphne Caruana Galizia, a journalist who was murdered in 2017 in a car attack and who had had the very bad idea to be interested in the subject.

23113	27	But it was London that generalized the practice, to the extent that it was re-called “Londongrad”. Because the United Kingdom is not just the country inventor of the sheep with the menth. It is also one of the largest tax paradise in the world, with the Virgin Islands or Man Island. And they’re proud of that, these boys. Finally they were. Boris Johnson frozen the assets of three Vladimir Putin relatives: Guennadi Timtchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg, and banned them from entering the British territory.

23113	29	But the awakening is very late in a country called a “global hub for money laundering” by the Transparency International association, where even the conservative party, the one of Johnson, receives tons of rubles from the rich Russians. The British government itself estimates that 100 billion pounds of corruption money has entered the country. In Parliament, it is officially spoken about closing the “automatic washing” of dirty money that would become London.

23113	30	Tax Paradise, Hell of Humanity

23113	32	Fortunately, Vladimir forced Boris to open his eyes. The whole question is how much Russia had anticipated all this. And what will be the effectiveness of the sanctions, and at what deadline. The future will tell us in the coming days and weeks.

23113	34	But, more fundamentally, it would be nice if the Western people understood that the deregulation of the finance engaged since the 1980s is the main support of all the mafias and dictators of the world. The Panama and Pandora papers and other Luxembourg leaks, huge tax evasion scandals that have mobilized thousands of courageous journalists, have raised the disinterest of the great world. Maybe the fear of war will wake them up? 23114

23114	3	Studies published on Tuesday by the Insee and the Ined point to both the integration of immigrants into the French society but also the barriers to it including for the second generation. There remains profound inequality in access to the labour market.

23114	5	“First, second, third generation, we are all children of immigrants,” says a slogan launched in the 1980s and which is still coming to rhythm the anti-racist demonstrations today. Maybe not all, but many in any case. This is the result of a series of studies published on Tuesday that confirm the diversity of the French population.

23114	7	The Insee and the Ined worked on the results of their new trajectory and origins survey, conducted between July 2019 and November 2020, about ten years after the first. This second edition, during which 30,000 people of all origins, geographical, national and cultural, were interrogated, emphasizes the “mixedness of ascendances”, according to the words of Jerome Lê, head of the cell of studies and statistics on immigration.

23114	9	Mixed Union

23114	11	A third of the French population under 60 years of age has immigrant origin: 9% are born outside France and of foreign nationality, 12% have at least one of their parents immigrant and 10% have at least one foreign grandfather arrived in France. With a distribution of origin that reflects the successive layers of immigration, therefore a persistent predomination of European origins that is accompanied by a progress of African origins among the youngest, for the second and third generations.

23114	13	The survey also confirms the integration into the work through the mixed unions over generations. One in two people surveyed in the “trajectoires and territories” is from a mixed couple and 90% of the third generation has only one immigrant grandfather, while 27% of immigrants and two-thirds of immigrant descendants live with a spouse nor a stranger nor a child from a foreign country.

23114	15	The school elevator

23114	17	Insee and Ined studies also confirm that the social elevator works, in any case at school level. While immigrants are much less graduated than their nationals born in France, the gap is reduced from the second generation. In natives (fourth generation and more), 43% of children are graduated from higher education, compared to 20% of their parents. For children of mixed couples and small children of immigrants, the proportions are the same.

23114	19	For children whose two parents are immigrants, the passage is higher since only 5% of parents are graduated from higher education. But if “the differences are reduced, they do not disappear,” Mathieu Ichou of the Ined notes. 33% of immigrant children are graduated from higher education, with strong differences depending on the origin of their parents: Asian and African parents outside of Maghreb are much more graduated than those in Maghreb and Southern Europe (22% and 28% against 2% and 3%); the same for their children (50% and 54% against 32% and 31%).

23114	21	Deep inequalities on the labour market

23114	23	But while the Insee has already shown that immigrants are more exposed to unemployment risk, the survey also highlights the existence of profound inequalities in access to the labour market. The proportion of grandchildren of European immigrants graduated from the superior belonging to the intermediate or higher professions is of course equivalent to that of descendants of French natives (75% against 77%). On the other hand, those born of at least one non-European parent are much less able to thus value their degree (63% of the Hungarian origin, 67% of the Asian origin and 71% of the rest of Africa).

23114	25	This is to be linked to the issue of discrimination by origin, nationality or skin color. What is the percentage of an increased sensitivity on the subject and its increase? The works of the Insee and the Ined don’t say so but they show a very strong increase in their perception in “the current context of the French society,” according to Patrick Simon of the Ined.

23114	27	At the end of the 2000s, 8% of people with a migratory ascendence claimed to have been victims, compared to 21% ten years later. This is accompanied by a strong increase in the reporting by people who declare Muslim confession of discrimination related to their religion, mentioned by 11% of them against 2% in 2008-2009.

23114	29	Leila of Comarmond

23115	1	Covid pandemic causes 13 to 17 million deaths, according to the WHO

23115	3	The figures published by the World Health Organization, which take into account the deaths directly and indirectly caused by the Covid, largely fall under the rise of the estimates of overmortality in the states. About 6 of 10 deaths related to Covid were not recorded as such, according to the organization.

23115	5	One in 500 people, or between 13 and 17 million. According to new estimates by the World Health Organization (WHO), the number of deaths, directly or indirectly related to Covid, is much higher than the number of deaths officially identified in the world. Very anticipated, these figures give a more realistic idea of the devastating effects of the worst pandemic in a century and which continues to make thousands of deaths every week.

23115	7	“The total balance directly or indirectly associated with the Covid-19 pandemic between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2021 is approximately 14.9 million deaths (a range of 13.3 to 16.6 million),” the organization revealed. Since the beginning of the pandemic, the official figures of the member countries compiled by the WHO have reached a total of 5.4 million deaths in the same period, but the WHO has long warned that this statistics underestimates the reality.

23115	9	The WHO says that most of the surplus deaths (84 percent) are concentrated in Southeast Asia (including India), in Europe (including Russia and other former USSR countries) and in the Americas. About 10 countries alone account for 68% of the total overmortality: in the decreasing order, it is Brazil, Egypt, India – which strongly contests the WHO figures far higher than its official figures – Indonesia, Mexico, Peru, Russia, South Africa, Turkey and the United States.

23115	11	More Resilient Health Systems

23115	13	“These data, which make reflection, highlight not only the impact of the pandemic, but also the need for all countries to invest in more resilient health systems capable of supporting health services, essential during crises, including stronger health information systems,” said WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.

23115	15	In fact, these figures suffer from holes in statistics, and the collection of data is sometimes parcelary or even completely inexistent for some countries. The data range sometimes ranges from simple to double. According to the Organization, 6 of 10 deaths are not recorded worldwide.

23115	17	Surmability is calculated by making the difference between the number of real deaths and the number of deaths estimated in the absence of pandemic, based on existing statistics. The indirect causes may be due to overloaded and forced health structures such as delaying surgical procedures or chemotherapy sessions for cancer patients. Sometimes, prisons have also avoided deaths as for traffic accidents.

23115	18	Politically sensitive issues

23115	20	“Metering overmortality is an essential component to understand the impact of the pandemic,” said Samira Asma, who is responsible for the report at the WHO. More reliable information allows decision makers to better prepare the field to limit the impact of future crises. “These new estimates are based on the best available data produced using a solid methodology and a completely transparent approach,” she said.

23115	22	This methodology is challenged by India, for which the Covid has caused a total of 525,000 deaths. The figures published by the WHO on Thursday are nine times higher, around 4.7 million. In the middle of April, the Indian government criticized “a indifferent approach and models that can work for smaller countries such as Tunisia but are not applicable to India and its population of 1.3 billion people.” The subject is extremely sensitive due to the political consequences, these figures are indicators of the quality of the management of the crisis by the authorities.23117

23117	3	Question by Joseph, June 27

23117	5	The decision of the U.S. Supreme Court to abrogate Roe w. Wade's ruling, which guarantees access to the IVG, has had retentions in France. In spite of the fears of a decline in the right to abortion, the presidential majority members submitted a proposal for a law to include voluntary abortion (IVG) in the Constitution. The position of the National Assembly (RN), which has long been ambivalent on the subject, raises questions, while 89 of its members have been elected to the National Assembly. Invited on Wednesday on France Info, Marine Le Pen said that “no significant party questiones the access to IVG for women”, adding that the inscription of this right in the Constitution resumed to “a political diversion”. Even the sound of the bell from the side of the President of the RN, Jordan Bardella, who wrote on Twitter Saturday: “No serious political movement questiones in France the Veil law, acquired to protect.”

23117	7	"Several elected members of the extreme right party, however, have taken ""pro-life"" positions in the past, such as the new RN deputy Laure Lavalette, which we mentioned in a previous article. More recently, publications about the organization of an anti-IVG colloque by a MP of the RN have reappeared on social networks, and you ask us if this took place in Palais-Bourbon."

23117	9	Revealed on Twitter, since December 2017 by LREM deputy Marie-Pierre Rixain, a colloque animated by right-wing and extreme-right anti-IVG figures actually took place at the National Assembly in January 2018, as Libération mentioned. At the origin of this event, Marie-France Lorho, deputy of extreme right of the 4th Vaucluse district, who succeeded the mayor of Orange, Jacques Bompard (Ligue du Sud). It was re-elected in the 2022 parliamentary elections, with the support of the National Assembly and Reconquista.

23117	11	A controversial meeting

23117	13	On the blog of Marie-France Lorho, CheckNews found the presentation of the event of January 17, 2018, entitled “the third day for life”, with the theme “Fronting transhumanism”. “This day is part of a political struggle for the preservation of life from its beginning to its natural end,” the deputy said.

23117	15	His predecessor Jacques Bompard had launched this day, organized in the eve of “La marche pour la vie”, which takes place in Paris every year in January, since 2005, and where the associations opposing the right to abortion demonstrate. “To the demagogues of elected voters claiming that ‘sanctualization of contraception and non-remise in question of abortion’ must be defended, to the activist victims of parliamenters claiming that children conceived ‘out of parental project’ cannot be given life, it must be remembered that it is not the duty of the Palais-Bourbon officers as adulators of the parties to interfere in the family houses,” he said on his website in January 2017, promoting the event. It should also be noted that a first edition of the “Parliamentary Day for Life”, in 2016, was filmed and broadcast on the social network Periscope, including a round table on the theme “IVG: Emergency State”.

23117	17	The 2018 programme’s topics include: “What is a man?”, “What is transhumanism?” or “Surviving the transhumanism.” To discuss this, representatives of associations such as Choice the Life, Catholic Reposte or French Action, to clearly anti-abortion positions. But also political personalities, such as Jean-Frédéric Poisson, former Deputy of the Christian Democratic Party, and others from the Catholic extreme right, such as Guillaume de Prémare, the first president of the Manif for all, or Guillaume de Thieulloy, director of the traditional Catholic blog “The Beige Salon”.

23117	19	permitted practice

23117	21	The holding of this meeting had made the reaction, until the President of the National Assembly, in the person, at the time, of François de Rugy. The latter had ordered the right-wing deputy to remove the institution’s logo on the invitation card, France Info. “The use of the National Assembly logo to promote militant colloques organized by MPs has created confusion,” he also said on Twitter, adding that “the institution cannot be engaged by these initiatives.” François de Rugy then asked for clarification of the rules regarding the use of the logo.

23117	23	Associations such as Inter-LGBT, Family Planning or SOS Homophobia had also demonstrated in front of the institution’s grid on the day of the meeting, judging “very shocking” its holding in the assembly premises.

23117	25	Colloques on various topics are regularly organized in the National Assembly by elected members. The surroundings of the president of Palais-Bourbon also told France Info, at the time of the polemic, that “so long as we remain in the framework established by the law”, the Assembly “have no right of view” on the meetings established by the MPs. The following year, in June 2019, Marie-France Lorho renewed the organization of the “Parliamentary Day for Life”, with the theme “GPA-Transhumanism-Eugenism”, on the eve of the “revision of bioethical laws”, it is found on her Twitter account. Again, with the logo of the National Assembly. More recently, it has also opposed the extension of the deadline for IVG by 12 to 14 weeks, a major measure of the law of 2 March 2022, aimed at strengthening the right to abortion.

23118	1	Vladimir Putin is forced to appeal to an autocrate greater than him

23118	3	Can you imagine Tsar Peter the Great asking for help in his war against the king of Sweden? Do you imagine Emperor Alexander I sending weapons to the Turks to get into Paris? Did Stalin need China’s approval to defeat Hitler? Vladimir Putin is definitely a bad figure compared to the three characters in Russian history he had adopted as models. According to estimates of international credit agencies, Russia could declare bankruptcy in mid-April, as a vulgar banana republic that would no longer have bananas.

23118	5	And if the President of the Russian Federation is not above financial maneuveres to refuse the obviousness, such as contestering the addition, re-calculating his debt, confiscating the assets of the Westerners who have not sold their branches in time to Moscow and others, he will not be able to make the deadline delayed for more than two, three weeks. So it is still time to appeal to another autocrate, much more powerful and wealthy than him: Xi Jinping, the Chinese president.

23118	7	But the People's Republic of China has not become the world's second-largest economic power by taking part in a war that does not affect it, nor another. Beijing has no interest in leaving the ambiguity and facade neutrality that has succeeded so well, and it is unlikely that Jinping agrees to provide military or even logistical support to its overwhelming Russian ally. And Moscow’s trouble can only find a partial response in indirect financial support from Beijing, such as the increase in wheat and energy purchases.

23118	9	Can this be enough, and for how long? One of Putin’s closest oligarchs, Vladimir Potanine, said on Monday he was afraid of “a 100 year back return, in 1917.” 1917, the year of the terrible collapse of the Russian economy in the face of the Civil War, now plays above Moscow.

23120	1	Refugees: Does France regain its sense of welcoming, permanent reversal or mirage?

23120	3	There was a war and thousands of civilians died at the gates of Europe for that. For what? For Robert Ménard to express regrets after the abjects one of the newspaper of Béziers and the posters of his city, years over, about the Syrians. “There are not two kinds of victims: there are not the European Christians that should be defended and then people in the Middle East that would be Muslim and that we would have been right not to accept at us,” Marine Le Pen said. Since the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, this is humanistic.

23120	5	Therefore, more than 2.5 million people had to leave their country in war to disappear from the presidential campaign the statements of right-wing and extreme-right candidates giving the feeling that France is a country ruined by uncontrolled migration flows. “There’s too many immigrants in France” by Valérie Pécresse. From now on, refugees and solidarity have replaced migrants and hatred in all spirits, even the closest. Only Eric Zemmour seems to persist in his foolish crazy.

23120	7	There is no reason to enjoy a war. No, let’s insist on that. But Robert Ménard is not the only converted. The questioning is wider than that. There is something comforting to see Europe regains the sense of welcoming. Calais find accommodation for those waiting to arrive in England. The French are moving. to make donations. Go to renting empty Airbnbs in Kyiv (Kiev) so that money goes to families. Create citizens' convoys to bring and welcome Ukrainians home. Until now, A open arms was a bad fiction with Christian Clavier. Now it is a little more than that. We hope that this change will be sustainable and unconditional. Let us express more humanity to all the refugees.

23121	1	Peace and climate, the same fight

23121	3	For fifty years, the ecological movement has claimed that the climate issue is closely linked to geopolitical challenges, and therefore to peace and stability. While Russia has invaded Ukraine and the IEC has just published a new alarming report, this has never been as obvious: scientists find that the impacts of climate change are faster, more violent and make more victims than expected. Half of humanity is now in extreme vulnerability to climate change. Not only climate disasters (dry, floods, storms, fires) disrupt global balances and cause tensions at all levels (forced displacements, increased resource competition, armed conflicts), but also our absolute dependence on fossil energies and the states that supply them in the globalized economy causes and worsenes this hell spiral.

23121	5	Since we live in societies closely dependent on fossil energies, these are constantly likely to fall into conflict. The war in Ukraine also predicts what a world at more than 2 °C and beyond could look like if we do not engage this transition right now. To get rid of this dependence on fossil resources is, therefore, to go to a more stable and calm world.

23121	7	In the hands of Putin

23121	9	In the case of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, nothing more obvious. The capital that funds the military attack of Russia is directly linked to the profits accumulated over the years by the Kremlin and its oil and gas industry. In fact, the Russian economy is largely based on oil and gas exports, as 40% of the federal budget comes from this industry. French multinational companies such as TotalEnergies and Crédit Agricole are directly concerned: these names are still closely associated with the Russian fossil industry. This is how these companies have put gold (and as a result of weapons) in the hands of Putin for too long.

23121	11	The European Union is now the first customer of Russia with €100 billion per year expenditure in mixed Russian oil and gas. Gas accounts for a quarter of the energy consumed in Europe and 40% of this gas is imported from Russia. Whether Putin decides to cut the valves to the European Union, or that it itself takes short-term measures to limit its supply of Russian hydrocarbons (as the US did), it is more than likely that our access to these resources will be affected. The consequences are already felt on the price of energy for households, in a phase where the price of fuel has already exceeded 2 euros per liter at the pump and where the gas could suffer another rise (17% of the gas consumed in France comes from Russia). This dependency thus makes the outcome of the conflict even more complex: it also fragilizes the relationship of force and feeds the social crisis.

23121	13	The threat of nuclear weapons

23121	15	In such a configuration, it is difficult to consider any scenario of sustainable peace in Europe, as climate warming accelerates, fossil resources decrease and consumption increases. To get away from war, we have to get out of fossil energies and false solutions like nuclear. We also refuse any desire to take advantage of the current crisis to argue in favour of this extremely expensive and dangerous energy, even though the threat of the use of nuclear weapons is increasingly real and the Russian troops' maneuveres raise concerns about the security of nuclear power plants, in Chernobyl and Zaporijia, the largest in Europe.

23121	17	Today, solidarities of the Ukrainian people, of the demonstrants for peace in Russia, and of all the victims of this war, we call for a general ceasefire and a peaceful resolution of the conflict. We also call for the welcoming of refugees within the European Union, without exception or discrimination.

23121	19	We must, more than ever, prepare the necessary breakthrough towards a sobriety and energy autonomy of the European countries, in the hands of communities and citizens.

23121	21	For climate and peace, we march on Saturday 12 March all over France.

23122	1	Donald Trump to Eric Zemmour: “Macron is a chic guy”

23122	3	Donald Trump talked by telephone with extreme-right candidate Eric Zemmour. The former president refused to formally support him.

23122	5	On Monday, 14 February, Donald Trump talked by telephone with Eric Zemmour. As BFMTV reports, the right-wing candidate of the Party Reconquête! He has received a call, but not his support. The former President of the United States has not formally called for voting for him.

23122	7	"According to a witness in the telephone interview, Trump told his interlocutor that ""Macron is a nice guy"" (""Macron is a chic guy""), according to the statements by the newspaper Le Parisien, and confirmed by the channel on Tuesday."

23122	9	Eric Zemmour's spokesman, Guillaume Peltier, spoke about this telephone interview during his passage on France 2, Monday.

23122	11	According to him, the former U.S. president would have given advice to the extreme right candidate during this 40-minute exchange. “To win, never change your line. Don’t give up,” Trump said. He also advised him to never change if he wanted to win. “The media will find you brutal. Never change if you want to win. Keep your authenticity and courage,” he advised.

23122	13	Scandale Buitoni: mea-culpa of Nestlé’s CEO France, creation of a “official support fund”

23122	15	Bees in trouble: “We ask to stop the destruction of bees”

23122	17	Sri Lanka: President Gotabaya Rajapaksa blocked at Colombo Airport

23122	19	Couple: Discover the signs that work has an effect kills love on sentimental life

23122	21	New Caledonia: Detected the first case of the monkey's variole

23123	1	State hand everywhere, justice and reality everywhere

23123	3	I reiterate what I said there are a few articles about inflation that we see regaining sharply today: if it was just a purely conjunctural counter-event, resulting only in the strangles that formed in the supply chain as a result of the brutal restart of the activities after the covid pandemic and now due to the Russian war in Ukraine and the confinements in China, the central banks would have no need to worry about it.

23123	5	But they are worried about it (of a few months, long before the beginning of the war in Ukraine), and some have even started to act by ceasing their asset purchases – the famous quantitative easings – and relating quite clearly their direct rates. A typical behavior of central banks that begin to find that the volume of the currency in circulation has reached an excessively dangerous point compared to the volume of the real economy in the sense that the value of the currency is now eroded in a galopant inflation. So it is time for them to put an end to easy money.

23123	7	The problem, the only problem at the bottom, is that this excessive monetary volume is itself the result of monetary policies previously decided by the same experts. At one time it was necessary to help growth, both byined low interest rates to facilitate investments and by purchases of assets to relieve the balance sheet of banks and allow them to lend without obstacles to states and.

23123	9	Does growth find its account? It is enough to look at France to understand that this kind of debrided policy plays against prosperity and employment. This did not prevent our admirably-powered government by Bruno Le Maire from raising the public debt of €89 billion in the first quarter of 2022, bringing it to €2900 billion or 114.5% of GDP. The “whatever it costs” continues to be more beautiful. It relieves at the moment, while feeding the inflation that we want to eradicate.

23123	11	In other words, our executive and monetary authorities are neither more nor less trying to correct the faults of their previous decisions. And it is more than likely that by hardening the investment conditions, the new decisions will eventually have a completely negative impact on economic activity and that the shot will need to be rectified again. The wicked circle.

23123	13	Economic activity is not a long quiet river. Even without talking about covid or war, a thousand and one small or large external shocks come to disrupt, sometimes hard, the pace of cruise – technological developments, spring fashion, more or less favorable weather, new social date, new regulations, etc. But historical observation tends to show that state interventionism, often claimed by the administrators and granted by the authorities in the name of social justice to correct what is not in the free game of the market, in fact has the effect of prolonging the crises, other than worsening them.

23123	15	Example given by Jacques Rueff: When wheat is temporarily in excess, which causes prices to fall and should encourage farmers to adjust their wheat production to the fall (natural crisis output by the price mechanism), public authorities generally rush to fly to their rescue by setting a minimum price that can give the illusion that their revenue is saved, but which, on the contrary, keep production at its excessive level and even more declines the end of the crisis.

23123	17	A concrete example experienced by France: early 2020, it has entered the Covid-19 pandemic without being fully removed from the 2008 crisis. Despite public spending and a re-distribution to the top, his unemployment remained curiously higher than with his most performing neighbors, his more degraded public accounts, and his growth was still as pushing.

23123	19	The failure of the state’s hand to make a better world happen is not limited to the economic field and monetary inflation. There are other inflations, equally illusory, equally unjust and equally driven by a state will to repair the disturbing realities of the world. Emblematic example: the rise to so say perpetual of the Bac notes and the vertigineous inflation of the mentions.

23123	21	We know the stages of the terrible descent to the hell of our educational system. Initially, as often, a good intention: in 1985, Jean-Pierre Chevènement gave France the goal of bringing “80% of an age class to the bachelor’s level by 2000” – a rate largely exceeded today.

23123	23	In the idea of the minister, it was about improving the system, not killing it. But very concrete, it turned out very quickly that it was impossible to the goal from above. Pedagogical ideology helped, on the contrary, it was necessary to constantly lower the requirements. As a result, the place of France is down regularly in international rankings while the success rate in the Bac continues to rise and is now around 95%.

23123	25	The school discontinuity of the covid period and the consequent promises of “friendly” rating have passed through it, but the “harmonisation” of the notes, still on the rise, has long been one of the most effective ingredients to give the illusion of a school excellence that is increasingly evaporating.

23123	27	This system has become so institutionalized – understand: has become so far away from the real – that this year, a year in principle “normal”, without covid, the teachers correctors of the copies of the Bac’s specialty tests have been surprised to see that the harmonisation was made directly in the notes transmission software, in a purely statistical way, without anyone giving itself the cost of reviewing the candidates’ actual work to verify the legitimacy of raising the average full lots of copies of two points or more.

23123	29	In other words, France has reached a point where the Bac notes are of the exclusive discretionary jurisdiction of the State and where the Bac results have become a data of pure political propaganda without any connection with the reality (very different) of the educational level. It is difficult not to see in this system the typical behavior of a failed socialist regime: to arrange the real by tripatching in the numbers and the “behavior” in the speech rather than by a change – difficult of course, but radical and indispensable – of direction.

23123	31	For students, there is nothing to lie. Because beyond high school, graduate studies (at least some of them) then the employment market will be responsible for proceeding the selection of young people according to their actual knowledge and skills. For some, the return to real life may be absolutely terrible.

23123	33	Nothing is unfair anymore. For even though the collapse of the educational level affects everyone, the good and excellent students have not completely disappeared. But the delights of “harmonization” combined with high school access criteria that prefer the student’s social coefficient (original college, scholarship, etc.) And those who are aiming to “slide” the results no longer allow the best to distinguish themselves.

23123	35	The teachers of the high schools Louis-Le-Grand and Henri-IV have recently made themselves the disappointed echo of this system that distributes the Bac and the mentions to the skin, but which is actually designed to crush the true excellence – the sad way of the sickly equalitarian spirit of France to consider equality. In the Affelnet software to assign students in secondary class, the software that their institution is asked to join without brunch at the next entry at the expense of a specific recruitment on file, students per student:

23123	37	The student’s notes are modified, in order to introduce a ‘simplified note’. For example, a student between 15 and 20 will have a simplified score equal to 16 (thus no exceptional qualities can be observed).

23123	39	After more than 75 years of providence state, after more than 75 years of dogmatic and satisfied speeches on the moral superiority of collective and planned management of everything, France should be, in all respects, a paradise on Earth.

23123	41	And yet it is nothing. France, on the contrary, has become the country of all the erosion built on illusion; the erosion-illusion of its currency – it is not the only concerned, but it is the worst prepared and the least determined to change line – the educational and cultural erosion-illusion, as we have just seen, to which one can easily add the erosion-illusion of its health and retirement systems as well as that of the safety of goods and people.

23123	43	Wouldn’t it be time to put the famous foot at the bottom of the pool?

23124	1	Corruption Pest: This rampant corruption is here to hide scientific truths from the public

23124	3	“This rampant corruption is there to hide from the public the scientific truths” (Luc Montnier, Nobel Prize, about this book).

23124	5	Dr. Judy Mikovits, virologist, graduated from molecular biology (University of Virginia and George Washington University), has been struggling for years against multinational pharmaceutical companies. In this book that has become an instant success in the United States, she denounces the collusion of doctors, laboratories and governments that she accuses of fraud to better sell their vaccines and drugs as expensive as possible, even when they are ineffective. The world of major laboratories turned against Judy Mikovits when she began denouncing the use of animal tissues in the research of drugs that ended up triggering new waves of chronic diseases, such as autism or chronic fatigue syndrome. She tells us about all the tricks and corruptions she has seen during her 35 years of career with Dr. Ruscetti (one of the founders of the field of human retrovirology), and what she has seen in private and public laboratories. This is a devastating chronology which is illustrated, for example, by the war that the media and doctors (paid by the large laboratories) deliver to Professor Didier Raoult and his medicine which not only heals the very large majority of Covid19 patients, but especially for a few small euros. This is not the taste of the same large pharmaceutical laboratories. At the time of the pandemic that forces the world’s population to wear masks for a virus coming from a laboratory, the reading of this book is vital, as the professor Luc Montagnier recommends, because it allows the reader to get aware of what’s going on behind the curtains of these large laboratories. “This book reveals the corruption of a part of the scientific world that goes against the economic interests of multinational companies” Dr. Luc Montagnier, Nobel Prize “Bill Gates, the Big Pharma and the Minister of Health don’t want you to read this book. Take it now and discover the truth about public health and everything the pharmaceutical complex has hidden about vaccinations””Michelle Malkin, journalist “Mikovits & Heckenlively are the new duo that fights against corruption in science”Ben Garrison, radio journalist “Fantastic revelations about the world of retroviruses and certain diseases such as autism”Dr. Stephanie Seneff, Senior Research Scientist, MIT Computer Science and AI Laboratory “”This book, which reveals the insidious methods of actors who corrupt science, leaves you out of voice”J.B. Handley, autism specialist “and it is an excursion in the world of Big Money & Big Pharma. May God bless Dr. Mikovits for his courage to share this story.” – Max Swafford

23125	1	Trump/Clinton 2016, Le Pen/Macron 2022, similarities, dissemblances

23125	3	At first glance, the parallels are striking between the 2016 U.S. presidential election and that which takes place this month in France:

23125	5	In both countries, the presidential office is placed at the center of debates and institutions.

23125	7	If the United States is among the world’s great powers, France is in the heart of the EU, one of the six founding states, capable of making it evolve positively or negatively.

23125	9	Both elections are a major issue.

23125	11	In both cases, they faced and faced candidates perceived as the representatives of the “elite” of the capital (Hillary Clinton, Emmanuel Macron), and challengers presenting themselves as the speakers of the populations excluded from the party of the rich (Donald Trump, Marine Le Pen).

23125	13	"- In both cases, the first thought to win because they had the right for them, and in both cases the challengers succeeded their bet to gather a good part of the ""excluded"" under a sovereignist and preferential national banner."

23125	15	In both cases, Putin’s Russia clearly indicated its preferences and has intervened directly.

23125	17	“Before it was better.”

23125	19	In both cases, finally, after years of media pilgrimage, on so-called social networks, a net shift from the electoral curator to the right is noted. The populist candidate recovering the fears from the popular environment of being competed by the poorer than they and of no longer recognizing his country as it was “previously” (before the arrival of migrant.e.s in number, before the dissolution of patterns and insecurity in the neighborhoods, etc.( ) consecutive fears of the social elevator grip and signs of loss of confidence in the “progress”. The “elite” candidate is also more right, especially in economic matters. And if Trump racked the crowds with his Make America Great Again, the Lepenist speech doesn’t say anything else, recycling the image of the sweet France of formerly prosperous villages, gathered around the school, the mayority and the clock – which had made Mitterrand elected 40 years ago.

23125	21	The risk? Let demagogy, versatility, insults, outrages and the constant crowd bath take the top of a responsibility speech, as Trump, Salvini or Orban have sadly illustrated throughout their mandates. But above all, and this explains all Putin’s concern for the European sovereign-right extremist, that of a remarkable weakening of the EU.

23125	23	A key issue: to consolidate or destabilize the EU?

23125	25	The war conducted by Putin against Ukraine has clearly highlighted the vital importance for the peoples of Europe that the EU be strong and solidarity, if they adhere to their sovereignty and freedom. For now sovereignty can only be exercised together, if one wants to weigh on the world. We must therefore be able to rely on each other in Europe, and no matter what the next U.S. president is, he must first and foremost take care of the Pacific much more than the Atlantic. Indeed, sooner or later China will move to action against Taiwan, which demonstrates daily what is intolerable to Xi Jinping, that democracy is perfectly compatible with Chinese mentality – and that will then be the time of truth for America.

23125	27	The French presidential elections – just as those of 2016 and 2020 in America – have a geopolitical dimension of the first place. This is where we measure how, in his assurance and greatness, Macron has neglected to trigger the membership of the French. He assumed without brushing the bad label of the president of the rich, limiting the wealth tax to the land and wanting to increase the retirement age, ignored the state of social degradation of his country, hidden the dramas of the desertified territories and suburbs – factory of exclusion and extremism left to themselves. He did not know how to catch the crisis of the yellow gloves to decentralize power and introduce elements of direct democracy, nor the proposals of the Citizen Convention for the Climate, by passing his promise of regaining them entirely.

23125	29	Relationship with the population is expensive

23125	31	This significantly weakened his position. But beyond all the parallels between Trump and Marine Le Pen, there is a difference in size between the two modes of election: the one in France is simple and direct; the candidate who obtained the most votes is elected. In the U.S., the electoral system says Hillary had 3 million more votes than Trump, but still lost. Biden needed a differential of 8 million votes in favor of him to win it. Let us therefore wish to France and Europe that Macron do a positive result, and let us hope that the memory of the wind of the ballet will remind him of the need to cultivate the ecological, social and governance dimensions, so that France can finally be in peace with itself.

23126	1	of Greece. Unlawful immigration: Athens will triple its length on the Turkish border

23126	3	While the pressure of the clandestine streams on its borders is again very strong, Greece has decided to triple the length of its ceiling along the Turkish border. However, it is likely that Brussels will need to help fund the project.

23126	5	Greece: Additional 80 km closure to Turkey

23126	7	Faced with the pressure of illegal immigration of non-European origin, building walls and roofs seems more effective than long speeches. It is essentially the policy of Greece, which now plans to triple the length of the ceiling at its border with Turkey due to a sudden increase in the number of clandestines trying to enter the country.

23126	9	If the construction was announced by the Greek authorities on May 29, the project is of even more burning news in recent days while the flow of migrants to the Greek borders is increasingly worrying.

23126	11	Thus, Athens plans, according to the Greek Minister of Immigration and Asylum Notis Mitarachi, to add more than 80 kilometers of barbered wire and steel to its 40 kilometers closure to reach the 120 kilometers. “There is a clear attempt from Turkey to instrumentalize migrants to create a crisis with Greece,” Mitarachi said. “The numbers speak of themselves,” he added.

23126	13	It must be remembered that the issue of immigration is one of the many sensitive topics at the heart of the deteriorated diplomatic relations between Turkey and Greece. Athens often accuses Ankara of using as a weapon asylum seekers at its border with Greece, claiming that it is obliged to prevent migrants from illegally entering Greece under an EU-Turkey agreement representing billions of euros.

23126	15	Last year, the Greek government completed the extension of 26 kilometers of a steel border wall, which increased the length of the barrier to 40 kilometers. Turkey accuses Greece of rejecting migrants to the Egean Sea.

23126	17	Increase of staff and migration pressure

23126	19	Compared to 2021, the number of migrants who tried to illegally cross the border between Turkey and Greece would have increased by 20 percent this year. Since January 2022, 3,000 people have tried to pass illegally to Greece from Turkey, during a total of 82 attempts, according to figures from the Greek Ministry of Immigration.

23126	21	In this context, Greece has also deployed hundreds of additional border guards to strengthen patrols along the border with Turkey in the Evros region over the past few weeks. In total, there are approximately 1,000 Greek soldiers who ensure the protection of about 500 km of the river border.

23126	23	In the framework of the European Agreement signed in 2016, Turkey agreed to block the flow of migrants to the EU through Greece in exchange for €6 billion to support refugee services.

23126	25	In addition, Athens also asked Brussels to obtain financial assistance for the completion of the closure extension work. Currently, no details on the amount of the project have been announced but it is strong to bet that the European Union does not give its agreement: last year already, 12 states (including Greece) had been denied funding for the construction of border walls by the European Commission.

23126	27	So, on 22 October 2021, Ursula von der Leyen said that the EU will not fund “bitters and walls” at its borders to protect itself from the flow of clandestines. However, the Chairman of the Commission has not proposed a more effective alternative solution to allow Europe to no longer be a migration pathway.

23128	1	Ecstasy and nuclear weapons: the Belgian NATO military base housed a drug laboratory -

23128	3	According to the information provided by the Belgian Defence and by the Huffington Post, the laboratory was so close that the Defence first thought it was in the base. A first statement from the prosecutor’s office in the Belgian province of Limburg (north) had emphasized in the afternoon that the clandestine laboratory, discovered last week, was “on the military field.”

23128	5	“On Wednesday 22 June 2022, the local police of the Campine discovered a synthetic drug laboratory, located on the military field (NATO) in Peer” and “used for the production of MDMA” (or ecstasy), can be read in this statement. The laboratory “was demolished by the specialized services of the federal police, in collaboration with the National Institute of Criminology (NICC) and Civil Protection,” the text said. It seems that “a neighboring house” is involved in the creation of this clandestine laboratory.

23128	7	In the evening, the Belgian Defence rectified the prosecutor's information to the AFP. According to the Belgian authorities, this infrastructure is “on an old military ground, near the base”, but not on the air base itself.

23128	9	Comment: Is that really the case, or do we still see a damage control!

23128	11	According to the same source, two people were arrested on the site during the discovery of the facility. The two suspects, released after being interrogated by the investigators, are “not employed by the Defense,” she said.

23128	13	A long kept secret

23128	15	Belgium, a member of the political and military organization that is in fact led by the United States, has long chosen to keep secret the presence of nuclear weapons on the base of Kleine-Brogel, where it operates a contingent of the U.S. army. A secret that has not been known since the late 1980s; a Belgian minister had then recognized the presence of these weapons. The exact number has never been revealed. The surroundings of the site – a wide perimeter of about 4 km per 3 km, according to a Defense spokesman – have repeatedly been the subject of demonstrations that denounce this lack of transparency.

23128	17	In 2019, Belgian deputy Samuel Cogolati estimated that “10 to 20” nuclear ogives were stored under U.S. control on this base.

23129	1	Males alpha vs females beta

