2310	1	Macron and the Ecology, the Great Parade
2310	3	"In terms of ecology, Emmanuel Macron doesn’t know on which foot to dance. Between the invitation of activist Greta Thunberg to the Elysée and the announcement of the construction of new nuclear reactors, the outgoing president likes to play ""at the same time"". "
2310	5	In the beginning there was indifference. Before his accession to the Elysée, Emmanuel Macron didn’t seem to be interested in environmental, energy, and climate issues, the themes of which were generally absent from his 2017 program. It was the appointment of Nicolas Hulot Minister of the Ecological Transition and the decision to launch a crossroads for the planet, after Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Agreements, which allowed him to wear the costume. A metamorphosis that imposed him the air of time and the certainty that he could not go to a second term without relying on a “left” leg now greener than pink.
2310	7	From Greta to Elisea to the promise of new nuclear reactors
2310	9	Also, when Nicolas Hulot resigns in August 2018, there is no question of replacing him with a heavy industry supporter. The ministry will be entrusted to the ecologist François de Rugy, before going to Barbara Pompili, known as an anti-nuclear. The tone remains the same: haro on fossil resources, live the renewables, the end of the world is near, society needs to be changed.
2310	11	The “yellow gloves” movement, which, like a cry of the real, opposed a virulent denial to these obsessions, made the executive tremble but did not distract him from his line of conduct. In February 2019, Emmanuel Macron honored activist Greta Thunberg the Elysée and, later, the Citizen Convention for the Climate, which wanted a response to the “yellow gloves”, resulted in proposals – increasingly more taxes and “ecological” restrictions – to the exact opposite of the movement’s aspirations. A capture of the debate and a democratic travestment that confined to prestidigitation.
2310	13	Two factors have changed the situation: first Emmanuel Macron understood that the young people who parade for the climate will not vote for him, “Rothschild’s bankier”; then the flood of energy prices, making fear of a new grogne, and the way Eric Zemmour took over the subject led him to operate an urgent pro-nuclear turn. We had to change the symbol. The Fessenheim Boulevard now promised the construction of 14 reactors! To pass the pill to the Greens, it also added sea wind and a few hectares of solar panels. It is energetically stupid but electorally profitable. It is the “in the same time” at the top of its art.23100
23100	3	The Pope Francis. The Pope of the Breakdown. The Pope ecolo, an anticapitalist, a friend of the poor and the migrants. The pope is kind with gay and divorced, but hostile to traditionalists. The reformator of the corrupt Roman Curie, the eradicator of ecclesiastical sexual abuses... or rather the pope of paradoxes? In fact, it is with Bayer-Monsanto and BP that François plans to save the environment, with Bank of America and the big names of Big Pharma such as Merck or Johnson & Johnson that he wants to refound an ethical capitalism. Would he be the pope of a new marketing logic? Indeed, it is precisely in the name of the defense of the environment, of inclusion or of social justice that corporate (i.e. private sector) actors of global governance are determined to make their agenda accepted everywhere—that is nothing but to grant themselves the full powers on the planet.
23100	5	Bergoglio, in this regard, is a school case. He chose to make the Vatican a spokesman for this global governance in the follow-up of the World Economic Forum in Davos (WEF). Indeed, the decision makers of this governance, because they no longer intend to exploit to their benefit the search for consumer happiness of the masses, but rather intend to rely on coercion, have now adopted a marketing strategy that seeks to disguise their thirst for power by showing a desire to break with the neoliberal, individualist and energy-giving capitalism. The global elite accumulates all the wealth it still lacks, confiscates public freedoms and concentrates powers in its own hands, but it clothes this coup in an ecological narrative, focused on the common good, hostile to individual freedoms and critical to the free market. The message that François addresses to the world is one of the most beautiful examples of this new com’.
23101	1	The European Union is organizing the Month of Diversity and Inclusion. All on your plans!
23101	3	“Promoting Diversity and Inclusion” is one of the major workshops of the European Commission that launched this spring the “European Capital of Inclusion and Diversity Prize”. Its objective is: “To see a more equal Europe emerging in terms of disability but also gender, racial and ethnic origin, religion and belief, age, LGBTIQ rights and Roma integration. »
23101	5	This is one of the components of the European Union’s Action Plan against Racism 2020-2025. Eight European cities were awarded their Grand Pump Prize on 28 April, a preamble to the opening of the European Month of Diversity. A initiative that started in 2020, the diversity is celebrated, from now on, every month of May until death follows.
23101	7	The gold medal went to Cologne, followed by Gothenburg, “who saw the birth of Greta Thunberg.” This talent deserved a gold medal. The bronze medal went to Barcelona. What about France? Nothing. and NADA. We are not diversified and inclusive. The city of Arras was among the 22 preselected cities of the 82 candidates, but we remained there.
23101	9	Note, by the way: knowing that the European Union has 400 cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants, that the competition was open to agglomerations with at least 50,000 inhabitants and that only 82 cities have appealed, it can be concluded that this has little interest in European citizens. However, the Commission has not laid down on advertising campaigns.
23101	11	The European Union is funding “initiatives aimed at promoting diversity and inclusion and fighting inequality and discrimination, especially in the Rom community.” With a budget of €1.55 billion for the period 2021-2027, the programme “Citizens, Equality, Rights and Values” (CERV) is, we say, “the most important EU fund ever dedicated to the promotion of rights and values in the EU.”
23101	13	On the paper it is idyllic. The Commission brings ideas to the attention of companies and other associations signing the 26 Charter for Diversity ratified by 14400 organizations. The aim of the May of Diversity is, therefore, first and foremost, “to fight discrimination through measures that go beyond the current legislation,” so, it’s for everyone its own small idea.
23101	15	For those who lack it, the European Union proposes events and actions to promote its small store, knowing that a label allows you to be referred to on Google Maps, the map, “recovered at national and European level, thus giving visibility to your event! Helena Dalli, European Commissioner for Equality, says: “With organizing an event for or in collaboration with your employees, or an event open to the general public, your customers and suppliers (sic), you will show your commitment and celebrate diversity while awarenessing members of your organization. »
23101	17	The European Union has published a “Inspiration Guide to Celebrating the European Month of Diversity”. The guideline is “to engage in finding links between the different reasons of discrimination you address in your policies and activities of diversity and inclusion, and then to engage in actions that address multiple areas of discrimination at the same time.”
23101	19	Over time, entrepreneurs may have other concerns in mind!
23101	21	On the occasion of Balthazar, you can make a fair in Frankfurt in Toulon and an anchoiade in Wiesbaden; then you will receive “a congratulations message once your event is labelled” and you will be able to recover “the communication kit with the graphic elements of the Beautiful Month of Europe” (logos, posters, flyers, banners...). It is nice, right?
23102	1	Historic drought threatens agriculture
23102	3	A severe decline in snowfall and rainfall and very high temperatures: Northern Italy faces its worst drought in 70 years. As lakes and rivers dry, agriculture and the energy sector fear the extent of damage.
23102	5	Since the 2003 canyon, the country has experienced “the six most dry years in its history,” reminds Francesco Vincenzi, president of the Association of Irrigation Consortiums (Anbi). But this year is not like the rest. Not only for the severity of the situation but also for the period in which it occurs. “If, before, we were talking about drought from July 20, there is June 23 and we are talking about it for at least twenty days,” he warns.
23102	6	Snowfall has decreased by 70% this winter and rainfall has decreased by half since December.
23102	8	The first witness and victim of the tragedy: The Pope. This river of 652 km, the longest in Italy, crosses the north of the country starting from the Alps, west, towards the Adriatic Sea, east. An animation made with the satellite images of the European Space Agency (ESA) compares the state of the river in 2020, 2021 and 2022. The conclusion is troubling. We see the flow of water that gradually decreases, leaving space to increasingly wider sand beaches. The flow of the Po has so decreased — up to 80 percent — that the salt water coming from the Adriatic Sea has managed to rise over 30 km to the inside of the land. A risk situation for drinking water supply and for agriculture. “You can’t irrigate with salt water, otherwise you burn everything,” explains Francesco Vincenzi. In addition, the infiltration of salt water means long-term consequences because “it will take years before it disappears from aquiferes.”
23102	10	In the north of the river, the large lakes are also dry by sight. Lake Major would need more than 2527 million m3 of water to return to its average, according to Anbi, and Lake Côme has a filling rate below 12%. In addition, the same lakes are partly feeding the rivers through a regulatory system. “When one says the lake is dry, it doesn’t mean it’s empty,” says Matteo Cislaghi, hydrologist at the Lombardy Environmental Protection Agency (ARPA). Indeed, at a certain level, the water will no longer be released because “not only it will no longer reach the output mouth [from the water retention], but in addition, it will kill the lake,” the hydrologist explains.
23102	12	The cause of this historic drought: an accumulation of crises. Snowfall has decreased by 70% this winter and rainfall has decreased by half since December. The region of Piémont remained for 110 days without a drop of rain. To all this, exceptionally high temperatures are added, sometimes up to 3 °C in addition, leading to the early flourishing of little snow on the mountainous heights.
23102	14	Consequences: “the availability of water does not allow to meet all needs at the environmental, agricultural and industrial levels,” says Massimiliano Pasqui, a researcher at the Italian National Research Council’s Dry Observatory (CNR).
23102	15	The farmer becomes obvious: 50% of its corn production is under danger 
23102	17	Access to drinking water remains guaranteed, however, all contacted interlocutors confirm. However, hundreds of municipalities across the concerned regions have decided to limit the use of water. In Milan, for example, it is prohibited to fill your swimming pool or even clean your car by jet. In Piémont, two municipalities closed the robinets at night, the regional counselor responsible for the environment, Matteo Marnati, confirms. “In areas where aqueducs are older, there are problems of loss. We can solve them by bringing water to caterpillar trucks,” he explains.
23102	19	The sector most affected by this crisis is agriculture. Like all the producers of the Poe bassin, Davide Canegrati is now living “to the day to the day,” hanging on the weather forecast. On Tuesday, June 28th, the rain arrived. If it has temporarily relieved the rivers and lakes, it has not been enough to fill the water deficit. The farmer makes it obvious that 50% of his corn production is compromised. “Since April, it has been possible to irrigate, in whole or in part, only 30 hectares of the 50 where the plant is grown,” he explains. As for its 70 hectares of prairie, they are also dry. This production serving to feed his cows at the end of the season, Davide Canegrati will surely have to choose between decreasing “at least 25 percent” his farming or buying food elsewhere, despite the price flows caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
23102	21	On a wider scale, it is all the agriculture in the Pô basin that is at risk, knowing that it alone produces 40% of Italian food, including phare products such as parmesan. In Lombardy, the yield of wheat has already decreased from 30 to 40 percent in some places, says Ermes Sagula, head of the assistance center within the Coldiretti Lombardy farmers association. Today, the damage to Italian agriculture is estimated at more than 500 million euros. “At the end of the year, we will probably have a figure that exceeds the billion,” he continued.
23102	23	Another cause of drought is energy. Most hydroelectric power plants are slowing down, or even stopped like those on the Serafini Island, 70 km south-east of Milan. By the end of 2022, production can be expected to decrease from 55% to 60% for large power plants and from 70% to 75% for small power plants, according to Assoidroelettrica, an industry association. “This is a serious situation knowing that the energy that will not be produced with water will have to be with gas, whose prices are extremely high,” says Paolo Taglioli, CEO of the association. The greenhouse gas emissions will make the problem worse.
23102	25	    “We have the illusion that this resource is infinite while that’s not the case.” 
23102	27	To tackle the crisis, the Pô River Basin Authority insists that the available water collection needs to be reduced by 20%. Then, the solutions will need to be thought in the long run because “the emergency is structural,” reminds Matteo Marnati. Indeed, all indicators show that such episodes will become more frequent. “Temperatures increase and our glaciers decrease,” says Orietta Cazzuli, head of the Arpa Meteorological Service. As for rains, “there are no signs of decrease,” but they may be less and less regular and more intense.
23102	29	There are proposals on the table to avoid getting dry in the future. Matteo Marnati is pushing for the creation of new barracks in the Piémont region in order to capture more rain water. With 600 digues and about fifteen lakes, Lombardy is a region rich in water resources. “What is needed is a better water management,” says Damiano Sirmine, the environmental association Legambiente. According to him, regional agriculture, mainly based on rice and corn, water-gourmand crops, must adapt. “We must accept that in this scenario of climate change, agriculture must change its production choices,” he continues. To all this, Massimiliano Pasqui adds a cultural change. We need to learn how to save water. “We have the illusion that this resource is infinite while that’s not the case. »
23102	31	Moreover, in the past few weeks, the drought alarm has also begun to sound in regions in the center of the country, such as the Toscana, the Marches or even the Latium. The government on Monday, July 4, declared the state of emergency in five northern regions and announced the unlocking of a fund of €36.5 million to cope with this drought.
23103	1	Covid-19: a France without a direction or a puzzle face to the seventh wave
23103	3	Few preventive messages, no strong measures, all on the ground of scientific uncertainty: the management of the pandemic suffers from the fatigue of the French, but also from the competition of other crises, while the number of daily cases rises to 100,000 in average on 1 July.
23103	5	No one knows exactly how far it will go. Since the beginning of June, the seventh wave is spreading in France and the variants of Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 are rapidly spreading in the population. The consequences for mortality and the health system are still limited, but the figures flame and the hospital is more fragile than ever. Last week, the chairman of the scientific council, Professor Jean-François Delfraissy, estimated, on the RTL antenna, that tensions could occur in the hospital system by the end of July. According to the latest government data, on July 1, 960 people infected with Covid-19 are in critical care, with a recovery started since June 20. More than 16,000 people are hospitalized, with now a thousand daily admissions. An increase of 31% over the last seven days compared to the previous week. By 1 July, 100,000 new daily cases were, an average increase of 60% compared to the previous week. The increase does not weaken.
23106	1	A COP of Cities to Fight Climate Change
23106	3	Talking about climate change is calling on the last catastrophic events we face every time. Let’s think of the heat wave that has shaken India and Pakistan recently, let’s think of those that are touching Europe, no longer a month passes without a warning signal being issued. Floods, floods and fires. The earlier, the more intense, the more devastating, these episodes always more remind us of our fragility and the urgency of action.
23106	5	The COP 26 in Glasgow did not meet the expectations. Incapacity to raise the level of ambition, incapacity to stabilize what is necessary in terms of solidarity with the South States, we have been invited to the spectacle of pousive multilateralism.
23106	7	The emergency is there, the threat is approaching, the Giec reports no longer leave escape. The warming is of human origin. The limit to 1.5 °C is only possible at the price of rapid and massive changes. The worst is not certain, but success imposes a decarbonation trajectory from which we are still far away.
23106	9	To the deep noise of this threat, more and more stupid, adds the one of the crises that took place where they were no longer expected. The Covid-19 and the War in Ukraine. In too many countries, these crises have led to privileging what belongs to “here and now”. We must continue to address the climate problem before it is too late.
23106	11	We need promises and means. We need a systematic response so that climate migration does not produce more uncontrollable cascade effects. Not teaching these questions exposes us to the risk of a departure with the vulnerable countries. But we have to stay together, humanity is at stake.
23106	13	Let everyone take their part.
23106	15	It is now important to find new balances, first of which the construction of an extended multilateralism that allows everyone to take the part that lies with it.
23106	17	The cities are there, they have always been, even in the dark times. They find their hands with the means they have to face. They invent, they create, they embark on local actors to invent a model of society that takes into account local resources.
23106	19	Cities, including those with the most modest budgets, are full of ideas. Resources are created, sometimes the product of public policies, sometimes a citizen rise, carried by informal networks. It is the wealth that allows optimism.
23106	21	Today, the means are on the table, but they don’t always find their destination. Financial frameworks built on banking logic do not always meet the guarantees that cities are able to offer. Without confronting these structural difficulties, it is a set of cities that are kept away from development aid.
23106	23	Today we need to create the conditions for a widespread dialogue, a carrier of exchange, justice and attention to the most vulnerable. This is why the “COP of Cities” will be held on 1 and 2 July in Abidjan around a hundred world city mayor gathered for the occasion.
23106	25	It will stand on a continent affected by climate change and which requires only one thing: its dynamism, its creativity, its youth to the service of the general interest. You can count on us, the mayor of the cities of the world.
23106	27	You can rely on our vigilance, on our determination to do everything in our power to change the course of things.
23106	29	The signatories: Anne Hidalgo Mayor of Paris, Robert Beugré Mambé Governor of the Autonomous District of Abidjan, Souad Abderrahim Cheikh El Médina of Tunis, LaToya Cantrell Mayor of New Orleans, Philippe Close Mayor of Brussels, Frank Cownie Chairman of Local Governments for Sustainability (Iclei) and Mayor of the City of Des Moines, United States, Willy Demeyer Mayor of Liege, Franziska Giffey Mayor, Governor of Berlin, Roberto Gualtieri Mayor of Rome, Ron Huldai Mayor of Tel Aviv-Yafo, Grégo Junodic Syndic de Sadiqne, President of the Municipal Government for Sustainability (Iclei) and Mayor of the City of Des Moines, United States, Willy Demeyer Mayor of Liege
23107	1	The Pride of the Suburbs, the Queer March of Popular Quarters
23107	3	Two years have passed since the first Pride of the suburbs, two years marked by a health and social crisis with terrible consequences. Two more than proving years for us are the quers, the inhabitants of popular neighborhoods, the racised, the precarious, the paperless, the exile, the handy, the neuro-atypical, the seropositive, the sex workers, the trans, the non-binary, those whose identities and expressions are considered incompatible. Two years we have been crying many disappearances within our communities.
23107	5	The presidential election left place to an increasingly distorted and corrupt public debate, animated by LGBTQIA + phobies, Islamophobia and rising racism. Every day, on television, on radio, we are pointed with the finger, insulted. Our rights are denied, our dignity is violated. While we are regarded as monsters, criminals or terrorists, the political inaction regarding the emergency situations we suffer remains. The uncertainty we have always experienced is strengthened by an entrepreneurial management of the crisis, by a resigned government that makes us understand every day its lack of interest in our lives.
23107	7	We are faced with the poor housing that affects one in sixteen people, the saturation of food aid, the increasingly difficult access to the prefecture or public administrations, and the intensification of the police repression that has always been our daily life (1). As people who are racist, there is a fear every time we want to be treated, the fear that health professionals are not trained to take care of our situations. A fear every time we find ourselves at a hole: “Will I be taken care properly or will I be neglected because of my (or my) identity?”
23107	9	Satisfied emergency accommodation services
23107	11	Among all these injustices, this year we must insist on the strict application of the fundamental right to decent habitat. In Seine-Saint-Denis, emergency accommodation services are systematically saturated: 71,011 expressed accommodation applications have not been provided throughout the year, leaving 9,653 people on the street, without assistance (2). We, who are of popular neighborhoods, are surrepresented among these homeless. In fact, it is frequent that, as a result of violence, whether it is physical, psychological or economic, we are excluded from our homes without having a housing solution. However, no reception equipment is currently in accordance with our needs.
23107	13	The emergency can no longer wait. No one will fight for us if we, LGBTQIA + popular neighborhoods, do not lead the fight by ourselves. Our allies don’t support us. Our belief is as follows: the answers that will allow us to return our dignity are universal. Our struggles will benefit many of our affairs. As Anna Julia Cooper said, “When they enter, we all enter,” it means that opening the door is opening it to everyone.
23107	15	Let us be immensely numerous on June 4, 2022 at 14 p.m., place René-Dumont in Saint-Denis to make our anger heard. To face with our sisters, our brothers, our adulphs. To exercise our rights. Let us unite under the banner of the celebration of individuals and communities! Join us to fight exclusion! Let us build together a society in which human dignity is unconditional!
23107	17	To create the force ratio we need we call on everyone to join our call to demonstrate by signing it on the website: https://www.pridedesbanlieues.fr /
23107	19	(1) “26th Report on the state of poor housing in France 2021”, Abbé-Pierre Foundation.
23107	21	(2) “Activity Report 2020”, Interlogement93.
23107	23	"(3) ""Demarginalizing the Intersection of Race and Sex: A Black Feminist Criticism of Anti-Discrimination Doctrine, Feminist Theory and Anti-Racist Politics"", by Kimberley Crenshaw, 1989, pp-160."
23107	25	Signators: Barbara Butch, Enza Fragola, Fatima Daas, Lexie Agresti, Minima Gesté, Ocean Michel, Shirley Souagnon, Tahnee, Tal Madesta, Yazid Mallek; 1 001 Lesbiennes et Queers, Aides, Act Up-Paris, Centre LGBT Paris Ile-de-France, Diivines LGBTQIA +, the Front de Libération Transfem, Goudou·e·s on Roues, Iel8 - Collectif féministe de Paris 8, Queer Education, Voix Deterres.
23108	1	In Russia, these countertruths are as scary as absurd.
23108	3	Vladimir Putin is probably losing the war in Ukraine, but he is about to win his other war, that which takes place in Russia against truth and information. A lead cap fell on the country, and an orwellian propaganda system was established, preceded by the dismantling of any opposition, the closure of all free media, the abolition of any critical association. As a result, on the eve of the commemoration of the victory of the Allies and the end of the Second World War, many Russians see in the “special operation in Ukraine” a fair and justified war. Between the television channels continuously broadcasting as scary as absurd counterverities and the political and military announcements carefully hiding the humiliation of the Russian army in Ukraine, the inhabitants refuge in a political apathy or, worse, in a strengthening of anti-Western prejudices in this part of the world.
23108	5	The sanctions, which are just starting to be felt, will probably accentuate this way. Western pressure is not in any way intended to convince the Russian people to oppose the autocrate that leads them: it was to cut Putin from his base of support in the economic, military and political elite of Russia. While a grotesque scan is taking place in Moscow to compare Ukraine to Nazi Germany, it’s still too early to know if these measures will have the expected effect. The number of oligarchs forced to escape, or suddenly deciding to fall through the window, leaves the assumption that Putin has no intention to give up the warrior madness that leads him. This vicious circle demonstrates well that not only the freedom of the Ukrainian people is at stake, but also the freedom of the Russian people.
23110	1	Russian gas crisis: ecology and democracy decline in Germany
23110	3	Due to the Russian gas rationalization, Germany resusits coal and is wondering about nuclear power, things unthinkable a year ago. The side effect of this economic and political reversal: the strengthening of central power against local powers.
23110	5	After Poland, Bulgaria and Finland, France, since June 17, is no longer receiving Russian gas. If the flow toward Germany, Italy or Austria has beenined, Gazprom has, however, reduced the flow by half, rejecting the official acceptance by the European Union of the entry application of Ukraine.
23110	7	It is a very heavy blow for Germany, which usually imports 58 million m3 of Russian gas each year, against only 13 for us. Gazprom’s chairman Alexei Miller said: “Our product, our rules. We don’t play according to rules that we haven’t done.” In France, we are quite calm: stocks are filled at 56%, which is more than usual in this period of the year.
23110	9	On the contrary, in Germany, the Russian invasion made it aware of the enormous mistake of cooperation with Putin around the Nord Stream gas pipeline, which Angela Merkel was so proud to have built in 2010, explaining then, facing Polish warnings that, even during the Cold War, Russian gas had never ceased to arrive...
23110	10	German Half-Tour: Coal Return and Nuclear Debate
23110	12	The irony is total: it is the ecologist Robert Habeck, Minister of Economy and Climate – yes, that’s his title – who came to announce yesterday to the Germans the passage to the level two out of three of the national gas emergency plan, involving a more sustained activity of the power plants. Coal is the worst way of producing energy.
23110	14	In fact, the country’s gas stocks do not allow to cover the needs of the next winter. The debate stretches, because, in the German law, families are priority over in case of fuel deficiency. But the spectrum of recession is already pointing to the end of its nose. So if the industries, pillars of the country’s economy, have to produce less this winter, it will be cold in the houses, but the social climate, he, risks to be very hot.
23110	16	And while, after the Fukushima factory crash in 2011, Germany had decided to close all its nuclear power plants, the finance minister, liberal Christian Lindner, proposed that the last three, which had to close their doors at the end of the year, see their lifetime prolonged, in order to “assure the country’s energy security in the coming years.”
23110	18	The German government is a coalition of three parties. Social Democrats and Greens are very anti-nuclear, the opposition to this energy is the founder of German ecology. On the contrary, the liberals, relays of the patronate, are in favour of this energy. Who will win it? We don’t know.
23110	19	For the Germans, the winds, it will be force or force.
23110	21	Another debate, the issue of winds, whose development is increasingly controversial in France. Germany, which has already counted three times more than us, wants to increase their number by three over the next ten years, to cover 2% of its territory with giant pales.
23110	23	For this, an effective way: their development has just been legally regarded as a matter of national security. Finish the local dialogue and other “impact studies”, to slow or prevent their construction. This will be imperative. The distances that existed until then between the winds and the houses, at a minimum of 800 meters, have been removed.
23110	25	The change is widespread in a federal country like Germany, where the federal states have strong powers. For many ecologists, the ecological transition is a chance to revive democracy, especially at the local level. Of course, this is partially true.
23110	26	Ecology against local democracy
23110	28	But the Russian gas crisis, which is nothing in the face of the extent of changes that would require a complete ecological transition to fully renewable energy sources, shows that our delay, to us, the inhabitants of wealthy countries, is too important to leave time for local deliberations and choices. Robert Habeck thus considers that it was a “feil” not to have built even more winds in the past.
23110	30	The ecological crisis is, first of all, a decrease in the living level, with a rise in food and energy prices, as we see now, and which will, of course, increase in the future. But the ecological boundary will also strengthen the central powers, and thus bring democracy back, because it will need to act faster and stronger. For example, the image of the strong rescue of the French nuclear program, decided by our president a few months ago without any debate. The difference between the Germans and us is that we, the discretionary power of the head of state, are accustomed to it. Unless the current composition of our Parliament changes things.23111
23111	3	Fabrice Leggeri has just announced his resignation as the executive director of Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency. This resignation arises after months of successive disclosures regarding Frontex’ involvement in human rights violations, as part of its operations at the border of Eastern Europe and Greece. Having focused my research on the Central Mediterranean for more than ten years, these discoveries do not surpris me at all. As part of one of the investigations I conducted within the project Forensic Oceanography (Death by Rescue, 2016), I demonstrated that during the summer of 2014 Frontex conducted a real campaign to stop the Italian military and humanitarian operation Mare Nostrum. While the operation launched in 2013-2014 was able to proactively rescue a large number of migrants fleeing Libya in dramatic conditions, Frontex accused it of constituting a “air call” leading to more passes.
23111	5	In order to dissuade migrants from accessing the European continent, the agency has made every effort to end the operation Mare Nostrum and to replace it with an operation from Frontex, Triton, far distant from the Libyan coast, whose objective was the control of the borders and not the sea rescue. This operational change was implemented despite the unanimous agreement of the stakeholders defending the rights of migrants, and even internal assessments at Frontex that predicted that the end of Mare Nostrum would lead not to less passes but to more deaths in the sea.
23111	7	It is this reality that has tragically materialized itself, especially with the 18th April 2015 shipwreck, the deadliest in recent Mediterranean history with more than 950 dead. As a result of this disaster, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker admitted that “it was a serious mistake to end Mare Nostrum. It costs lives.” (1). It could have been expected that, as a result of this recognition, Frontex will be punished for its role in this deadly operational change. There was nothing: Frontex’s operation was strengthened and its budget increased. And the deadly vacuum of rescue left by the end of Mare Nostrum has never been filled.
23111	9	From deceit to impunity
23111	11	All of this may seem far away. But today, Frontex aircraft and drones inform the Libyan coastal guard of the presence of migrants to be intercepted and brought back to Libya, despite all that we know of the unhuman conditions that are reserved for them. However, this older episode deserves to be remembered because it clearly demonstrates Frontex’s role in the construction of migrants as a threat, the establishment of increasingly expensive and militarized border control operations, the deceit for the lives and rights of migrants that encourages the agency, and the impunity that has been organized around its activities. Despite the public and political pressure that Frontex faces today, this state of fact is not fundamentally questioned, and the departure of Fabrice Leggeri will not significantly change the situation.
23111	13	But there is more. The European Union has been implementing a selectively open policy for migrants fleeing Ukraine for two months. For a limited group of people, a paradigm change has been made: to allow the mobility of people seeking refuge and to recognize their rights rather than to seek to block them at any cost. This open gap today makes clear to the greatest number what has long been for many researchers, researchers, actors and actrices of civil society: the restrictive and militarized approach of the EU is not a fatality, a more open and respectful policy is possible, and it would make actors like Frontex superfluous.
23111	15	On May 15, the Swiss citizens will vote on the funding of Frontex. This referendum gives the opportunity to the Swiss population to cease to be a complice of an agency whose increasingly expensive activities have never ended the “migration threat” that Frontex has contributed to building, and which are caused by the violation of the rights of migrants and thousands of deaths in impunity. A “no” of Switzerland to Frontex’s funding could have a European resonance and contribute not only to questioning the agency but to a fundamental reorientation of European migration policies.
23113	1	U.S. and EU strike Putin in full portfolio
23113	3	United as rarely, the United States and the European Union have taken severe economic restrictions against Russia. Beyond the effectiveness of these measures, the question is whether the Ukrainian crisis will finally sound the beginning of the end of deregulated finance, the main support of all the mafias and dictatorships in the world.
23113	5	The joint statement to the European Union and the United States, available here in French, clearly says: “The war led by Russia constitutes an aggression against the fundamental international rules and standards that prevail since World War II and that we are determined to defend. We will ask Russia to report and we will collectively ensure that this war is a strategic failure for Putin. »
23113	7	Faced with Putin, the United States and the EU, itself united for the first time in its short history, brought out the heavy economic artillery: the exclusion of some Russian banks from the world message SWIFT; the frozen assets of the Russian Central Bank; and the end of the “gold passports”, these passports a little too easily sold – yes – by some states, including Malta and mostly the UK, to Russian oligarchs in exchange for investments on the site.
23113	9	SWIFT: The line is cut off
23113	11	"Designed as the “financial nuclear weapon” by Bruno Le Maire, the SWIFT network is the way by which the world’s banks send transfer orders. Founded in 1977 to replace the tellex, SWIFT (acronym for ""Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication"" and which means ""brompt"" in English), a private company located in Belgium, is the notary of the banks: any message sent on it has contract value. In fact, even today, the settlements between the world’s banks may take days. But decisions are instantaneous. SWIFT then holds each accounting bank in front of the others of the transfer orders it has passed: if this was written on SWIFT, it will have to pay."
23113	13	And no bank in the world, not even the Bank of America or Goldman Sachs, the 2008 crisis has proved it, cannot betray its word without being immediately excluded from the world game. The idea of depriving Russian banks of access to the network is therefore excellent. Germany, initially opposed because it was afraid that it could no longer pay for its Russian gas, and which was more afraid of the disturbances in the world trade of which it is so dependent, but which found itself isolated after the losses of Austria and Italy, joined the common decision.
23113	15	One of the main lessons from the Ukrainian crisis is the reversal of Germany, which for the first time made the interests of the European Union go ahead of its. It has just increased its defense budget strongly, after leaving France to defend Europe alone against Islamic terrorism in Mali and in many other places where French soldiers have lost their lives.
23113	16	An impotent Russian central bank.
23113	18	Among all the crazy events of the moment, the fact of paralyzing the action of the Russian Central Bank is the most surprising. The decision of the United States, Canada, France, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom, consisting of prohibiting the Russian Central Bank from using its euros and dollars, will result in preventing it from defending the ruble, the price of which has already seriously devoted.
23113	20	In order to protect your money, you need to buy it. And to buy it, you need foreign currencies, euros or dollars: the Central Bank of Russia cannot buy rubles with rubles. Its currency will thus collapse in the coming days – and that’s especially because ruble holders now know that it can’t defend it. But a falling ruble, it is the prices of imported products that immediately rise, causing dissatisfaction of the population. Politically, it is very well played by the Western people.
23113	22	Furthermore, the Russian Central Bank will not be able to use its currencies to support its banks, which, without access to the Swift network, will be weakened. The pressure on the Russian banking system is high. It reduces Russia to the level of very few countries in the world, such as Iran, Venezuela or North Korea, real parias of the international system with which no one wants to trade (legally).
23113	23	Oligarques go home?
23113	25	One of the most delightful financial practices in recent years has been the fact that several countries sell their passports to the most offering, in exchange for investments in their country. The practice was launched by Malta in 2014, allowing all worldwide traffickers to freely circulate within the EU, which Malta is a member of. A thing so serious there that she cost life to Daphne Caruana Galizia, a journalist who was murdered in 2017 in a car attack and who had had the very bad idea to be interested in the subject.
23113	27	But it was London that generalized the practice, to the extent that it was re-called “Londongrad”. Because the United Kingdom is not just the country inventor of the sheep with the menth. It is also one of the largest tax paradise in the world, with the Virgin Islands or Man Island. And they’re proud of that, these boys. Finally they were. Boris Johnson frozen the assets of three Vladimir Putin relatives: Guennadi Timtchenko, Boris Rotenberg and Igor Rotenberg, and banned them from entering the British territory.
23113	29	But the awakening is very late in a country called a “global hub for money laundering” by the Transparency International association, where even the conservative party, the one of Johnson, receives tons of rubles from the rich Russians. The British government itself estimates that 100 billion pounds of corruption money has entered the country. In Parliament, it is officially spoken about closing the “automatic washing” of dirty money that would become London.
23113	30	Tax Paradise, Hell of Humanity
23113	32	Fortunately, Vladimir forced Boris to open his eyes. The whole question is how much Russia had anticipated all this. And what will be the effectiveness of the sanctions, and at what deadline. The future will tell us in the coming days and weeks.
23113	34	But, more fundamentally, it would be nice if the Western people understood that the deregulation of the finance engaged since the 1980s is the main support of all the mafias and dictators of the world. The Panama and Pandora papers and other Luxembourg leaks, huge tax evasion scandals that have mobilized thousands of courageous journalists, have raised the disinterest of the great world. Maybe the fear of war will wake them up? 23114
23114	3	Studies published on Tuesday by the Insee and the Ined point to both the integration of immigrants into the French society but also the barriers to it including for the second generation. There remains profound inequality in access to the labour market.
23114	5	“First, second, third generation, we are all children of immigrants,” says a slogan launched in the 1980s and which is still coming to rhythm the anti-racist demonstrations today. Maybe not all, but many in any case. This is the result of a series of studies published on Tuesday that confirm the diversity of the French population.
23114	7	The Insee and the Ined worked on the results of their new trajectory and origins survey, conducted between July 2019 and November 2020, about ten years after the first. This second edition, during which 30,000 people of all origins, geographical, national and cultural, were interrogated, emphasizes the “mixedness of ascendances”, according to the words of Jerome Lê, head of the cell of studies and statistics on immigration.
23114	9	Mixed Union
23114	11	A third of the French population under 60 years of age has immigrant origin: 9% are born outside France and of foreign nationality, 12% have at least one of their parents immigrant and 10% have at least one foreign grandfather arrived in France. With a distribution of origin that reflects the successive layers of immigration, therefore a persistent predomination of European origins that is accompanied by a progress of African origins among the youngest, for the second and third generations.
23114	13	The survey also confirms the integration into the work through the mixed unions over generations. One in two people surveyed in the “trajectoires and territories” is from a mixed couple and 90% of the third generation has only one immigrant grandfather, while 27% of immigrants and two-thirds of immigrant descendants live with a spouse nor a stranger nor a child from a foreign country.
23114	15	The school elevator
23114	17	Insee and Ined studies also confirm that the social elevator works, in any case at school level. While immigrants are much less graduated than their nationals born in France, the gap is reduced from the second generation. In natives (fourth generation and more), 43% of children are graduated from higher education, compared to 20% of their parents. For children of mixed couples and small children of immigrants, the proportions are the same.
23114	19	For children whose two parents are immigrants, the passage is higher since only 5% of parents are graduated from higher education. But if “the differences are reduced, they do not disappear,” Mathieu Ichou of the Ined notes. 33% of immigrant children are graduated from higher education, with strong differences depending on the origin of their parents: Asian and African parents outside of Maghreb are much more graduated than those in Maghreb and Southern Europe (22% and 28% against 2% and 3%); the same for their children (50% and 54% against 32% and 31%).
23114	21	Deep inequalities on the labour market
23114	23	But while the Insee has already shown that immigrants are more exposed to unemployment risk, the survey also highlights the existence of profound inequalities in access to the labour market. The proportion of grandchildren of European immigrants graduated from the superior belonging to the intermediate or higher professions is of course equivalent to that of descendants of French natives (75% against 77%). On the other hand, those born of at least one non-European parent are much less able to thus value their degree (63% of the Hungarian origin, 67% of the Asian origin and 71% of the rest of Africa).
23114	25	This is to be linked to the issue of discrimination by origin, nationality or skin color. What is the percentage of an increased sensitivity on the subject and its increase? The works of the Insee and the Ined don’t say so but they show a very strong increase in their perception in “the current context of the French society,” according to Patrick Simon of the Ined.
23114	27	At the end of the 2000s, 8% of people with a migratory ascendence claimed to have been victims, compared to 21% ten years later. This is accompanied by a strong increase in the reporting by people who declare Muslim confession of discrimination related to their religion, mentioned by 11% of them against 2% in 2008-2009.
23114	29	Leila of Comarmond
23115	1	Covid pandemic causes 13 to 17 million deaths, according to the WHO
23115	3	The figures published by the World Health Organization, which take into account the deaths directly and indirectly caused by the Covid, largely fall under the rise of the estimates of overmortality in the states. About 6 of 10 deaths related to Covid were not recorded as such, according to the organization.
23115	5	One in 500 people, or between 13 and 17 million. According to new estimates by the World Health Organization (WHO), the number of deaths, directly or indirectly related to Covid, is much higher than the number of deaths officially identified in the world. Very anticipated, these figures give a more realistic idea of the devastating effects of the worst pandemic in a century and which continues to make thousands of deaths every week.
23115	7	“The total balance directly or indirectly associated with the Covid-19 pandemic between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2021 is approximately 14.9 million deaths (a range of 13.3 to 16.6 million),” the organization revealed. Since the beginning of the pandemic, the official figures of the member countries compiled by the WHO have reached a total of 5.4 million deaths in the same period, but the WHO has long warned that this statistics underestimates the reality.
23115	9	The WHO says that most of the surplus deaths (84 percent) are concentrated in Southeast Asia (including India), in Europe (including Russia and other former USSR countries) and in the Americas. About 10 countries alone account for 68% of the total overmortality: in the decreasing order, it is Brazil, Egypt, India – which strongly contests the WHO figures far higher than its official figures – Indonesia, Mexico, Peru, Russia, South Africa, Turkey and the United States.
23115	11	More Resilient Health Systems
23115	13	“These data, which make reflection, highlight not only the impact of the pandemic, but also the need for all countries to invest in more resilient health systems capable of supporting health services, essential during crises, including stronger health information systems,” said WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.
23115	15	In fact, these figures suffer from holes in statistics, and the collection of data is sometimes parcelary or even completely inexistent for some countries. The data range sometimes ranges from simple to double. According to the Organization, 6 of 10 deaths are not recorded worldwide.
23115	17	Surmability is calculated by making the difference between the number of real deaths and the number of deaths estimated in the absence of pandemic, based on existing statistics. The indirect causes may be due to overloaded and forced health structures such as delaying surgical procedures or chemotherapy sessions for cancer patients. Sometimes, prisons have also avoided deaths as for traffic accidents.
23115	18	Politically sensitive issues
23115	20	“Metering overmortality is an essential component to understand the impact of the pandemic,” said Samira Asma, who is responsible for the report at the WHO. More reliable information allows decision makers to better prepare the field to limit the impact of future crises. “These new estimates are based on the best available data produced using a solid methodology and a completely transparent approach,” she said.
23115	22	This methodology is challenged by India, for which the Covid has caused a total of 525,000 deaths. The figures published by the WHO on Thursday are nine times higher, around 4.7 million. In the middle of April, the Indian government criticized “a indifferent approach and models that can work for smaller countries such as Tunisia but are not applicable to India and its population of 1.3 billion people.” The subject is extremely sensitive due to the political consequences, these figures are indicators of the quality of the management of the crisis by the authorities.23117
23117	3	Question by Joseph, June 27
23117	5	The decision of the U.S. Supreme Court to abrogate Roe w. Wade's ruling, which guarantees access to the IVG, has had retentions in France. In spite of the fears of a decline in the right to abortion, the presidential majority members submitted a proposal for a law to include voluntary abortion (IVG) in the Constitution. The position of the National Assembly (RN), which has long been ambivalent on the subject, raises questions, while 89 of its members have been elected to the National Assembly. Invited on Wednesday on France Info, Marine Le Pen said that “no significant party questiones the access to IVG for women”, adding that the inscription of this right in the Constitution resumed to “a political diversion”. Even the sound of the bell from the side of the President of the RN, Jordan Bardella, who wrote on Twitter Saturday: “No serious political movement questiones in France the Veil law, acquired to protect.”
23117	7	"Several elected members of the extreme right party, however, have taken ""pro-life"" positions in the past, such as the new RN deputy Laure Lavalette, which we mentioned in a previous article. More recently, publications about the organization of an anti-IVG colloque by a MP of the RN have reappeared on social networks, and you ask us if this took place in Palais-Bourbon."
23117	9	Revealed on Twitter, since December 2017 by LREM deputy Marie-Pierre Rixain, a colloque animated by right-wing and extreme-right anti-IVG figures actually took place at the National Assembly in January 2018, as Libération mentioned. At the origin of this event, Marie-France Lorho, deputy of extreme right of the 4th Vaucluse district, who succeeded the mayor of Orange, Jacques Bompard (Ligue du Sud). It was re-elected in the 2022 parliamentary elections, with the support of the National Assembly and Reconquista.
23117	11	A controversial meeting
23117	13	On the blog of Marie-France Lorho, CheckNews found the presentation of the event of January 17, 2018, entitled “the third day for life”, with the theme “Fronting transhumanism”. “This day is part of a political struggle for the preservation of life from its beginning to its natural end,” the deputy said.
23117	15	His predecessor Jacques Bompard had launched this day, organized in the eve of “La marche pour la vie”, which takes place in Paris every year in January, since 2005, and where the associations opposing the right to abortion demonstrate. “To the demagogues of elected voters claiming that ‘sanctualization of contraception and non-remise in question of abortion’ must be defended, to the activist victims of parliamenters claiming that children conceived ‘out of parental project’ cannot be given life, it must be remembered that it is not the duty of the Palais-Bourbon officers as adulators of the parties to interfere in the family houses,” he said on his website in January 2017, promoting the event. It should also be noted that a first edition of the “Parliamentary Day for Life”, in 2016, was filmed and broadcast on the social network Periscope, including a round table on the theme “IVG: Emergency State”.
23117	17	The 2018 programme’s topics include: “What is a man?”, “What is transhumanism?” or “Surviving the transhumanism.” To discuss this, representatives of associations such as Choice the Life, Catholic Reposte or French Action, to clearly anti-abortion positions. But also political personalities, such as Jean-Frédéric Poisson, former Deputy of the Christian Democratic Party, and others from the Catholic extreme right, such as Guillaume de Prémare, the first president of the Manif for all, or Guillaume de Thieulloy, director of the traditional Catholic blog “The Beige Salon”.
23117	19	permitted practice
23117	21	The holding of this meeting had made the reaction, until the President of the National Assembly, in the person, at the time, of François de Rugy. The latter had ordered the right-wing deputy to remove the institution’s logo on the invitation card, France Info. “The use of the National Assembly logo to promote militant colloques organized by MPs has created confusion,” he also said on Twitter, adding that “the institution cannot be engaged by these initiatives.” François de Rugy then asked for clarification of the rules regarding the use of the logo.
23117	23	Associations such as Inter-LGBT, Family Planning or SOS Homophobia had also demonstrated in front of the institution’s grid on the day of the meeting, judging “very shocking” its holding in the assembly premises.
23117	25	Colloques on various topics are regularly organized in the National Assembly by elected members. The surroundings of the president of Palais-Bourbon also told France Info, at the time of the polemic, that “so long as we remain in the framework established by the law”, the Assembly “have no right of view” on the meetings established by the MPs. The following year, in June 2019, Marie-France Lorho renewed the organization of the “Parliamentary Day for Life”, with the theme “GPA-Transhumanism-Eugenism”, on the eve of the “revision of bioethical laws”, it is found on her Twitter account. Again, with the logo of the National Assembly. More recently, it has also opposed the extension of the deadline for IVG by 12 to 14 weeks, a major measure of the law of 2 March 2022, aimed at strengthening the right to abortion.
23118	1	Vladimir Putin is forced to appeal to an autocrate greater than him
23118	3	Can you imagine Tsar Peter the Great asking for help in his war against the king of Sweden? Do you imagine Emperor Alexander I sending weapons to the Turks to get into Paris? Did Stalin need China’s approval to defeat Hitler? Vladimir Putin is definitely a bad figure compared to the three characters in Russian history he had adopted as models. According to estimates of international credit agencies, Russia could declare bankruptcy in mid-April, as a vulgar banana republic that would no longer have bananas.
23118	5	And if the President of the Russian Federation is not above financial maneuveres to refuse the obviousness, such as contestering the addition, re-calculating his debt, confiscating the assets of the Westerners who have not sold their branches in time to Moscow and others, he will not be able to make the deadline delayed for more than two, three weeks. So it is still time to appeal to another autocrate, much more powerful and wealthy than him: Xi Jinping, the Chinese president.
23118	7	But the People's Republic of China has not become the world's second-largest economic power by taking part in a war that does not affect it, nor another. Beijing has no interest in leaving the ambiguity and facade neutrality that has succeeded so well, and it is unlikely that Jinping agrees to provide military or even logistical support to its overwhelming Russian ally. And Moscow’s trouble can only find a partial response in indirect financial support from Beijing, such as the increase in wheat and energy purchases.
23118	9	Can this be enough, and for how long? One of Putin’s closest oligarchs, Vladimir Potanine, said on Monday he was afraid of “a 100 year back return, in 1917.” 1917, the year of the terrible collapse of the Russian economy in the face of the Civil War, now plays above Moscow.
23120	1	Refugees: Does France regain its sense of welcoming, permanent reversal or mirage?
23120	3	There was a war and thousands of civilians died at the gates of Europe for that. For what? For Robert Ménard to express regrets after the abjects one of the newspaper of Béziers and the posters of his city, years over, about the Syrians. “There are not two kinds of victims: there are not the European Christians that should be defended and then people in the Middle East that would be Muslim and that we would have been right not to accept at us,” Marine Le Pen said. Since the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, this is humanistic.
23120	5	Therefore, more than 2.5 million people had to leave their country in war to disappear from the presidential campaign the statements of right-wing and extreme-right candidates giving the feeling that France is a country ruined by uncontrolled migration flows. “There’s too many immigrants in France” by Valérie Pécresse. From now on, refugees and solidarity have replaced migrants and hatred in all spirits, even the closest. Only Eric Zemmour seems to persist in his foolish crazy.
23120	7	There is no reason to enjoy a war. No, let’s insist on that. But Robert Ménard is not the only converted. The questioning is wider than that. There is something comforting to see Europe regains the sense of welcoming. Calais find accommodation for those waiting to arrive in England. The French are moving. to make donations. Go to renting empty Airbnbs in Kyiv (Kiev) so that money goes to families. Create citizens' convoys to bring and welcome Ukrainians home. Until now, A open arms was a bad fiction with Christian Clavier. Now it is a little more than that. We hope that this change will be sustainable and unconditional. Let us express more humanity to all the refugees.
23121	1	Peace and climate, the same fight
23121	3	For fifty years, the ecological movement has claimed that the climate issue is closely linked to geopolitical challenges, and therefore to peace and stability. While Russia has invaded Ukraine and the IEC has just published a new alarming report, this has never been as obvious: scientists find that the impacts of climate change are faster, more violent and make more victims than expected. Half of humanity is now in extreme vulnerability to climate change. Not only climate disasters (dry, floods, storms, fires) disrupt global balances and cause tensions at all levels (forced displacements, increased resource competition, armed conflicts), but also our absolute dependence on fossil energies and the states that supply them in the globalized economy causes and worsenes this hell spiral.
23121	5	Since we live in societies closely dependent on fossil energies, these are constantly likely to fall into conflict. The war in Ukraine also predicts what a world at more than 2 °C and beyond could look like if we do not engage this transition right now. To get rid of this dependence on fossil resources is, therefore, to go to a more stable and calm world.
23121	7	In the hands of Putin
23121	9	In the case of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, nothing more obvious. The capital that funds the military attack of Russia is directly linked to the profits accumulated over the years by the Kremlin and its oil and gas industry. In fact, the Russian economy is largely based on oil and gas exports, as 40% of the federal budget comes from this industry. French multinational companies such as TotalEnergies and Crédit Agricole are directly concerned: these names are still closely associated with the Russian fossil industry. This is how these companies have put gold (and as a result of weapons) in the hands of Putin for too long.
23121	11	The European Union is now the first customer of Russia with €100 billion per year expenditure in mixed Russian oil and gas. Gas accounts for a quarter of the energy consumed in Europe and 40% of this gas is imported from Russia. Whether Putin decides to cut the valves to the European Union, or that it itself takes short-term measures to limit its supply of Russian hydrocarbons (as the US did), it is more than likely that our access to these resources will be affected. The consequences are already felt on the price of energy for households, in a phase where the price of fuel has already exceeded 2 euros per liter at the pump and where the gas could suffer another rise (17% of the gas consumed in France comes from Russia). This dependency thus makes the outcome of the conflict even more complex: it also fragilizes the relationship of force and feeds the social crisis.
23121	13	The threat of nuclear weapons
23121	15	In such a configuration, it is difficult to consider any scenario of sustainable peace in Europe, as climate warming accelerates, fossil resources decrease and consumption increases. To get away from war, we have to get out of fossil energies and false solutions like nuclear. We also refuse any desire to take advantage of the current crisis to argue in favour of this extremely expensive and dangerous energy, even though the threat of the use of nuclear weapons is increasingly real and the Russian troops' maneuveres raise concerns about the security of nuclear power plants, in Chernobyl and Zaporijia, the largest in Europe.
23121	17	Today, solidarities of the Ukrainian people, of the demonstrants for peace in Russia, and of all the victims of this war, we call for a general ceasefire and a peaceful resolution of the conflict. We also call for the welcoming of refugees within the European Union, without exception or discrimination.
23121	19	We must, more than ever, prepare the necessary breakthrough towards a sobriety and energy autonomy of the European countries, in the hands of communities and citizens.
23121	21	For climate and peace, we march on Saturday 12 March all over France.
23122	1	Donald Trump to Eric Zemmour: “Macron is a chic guy”
23122	3	Donald Trump talked by telephone with extreme-right candidate Eric Zemmour. The former president refused to formally support him.
23122	5	On Monday, 14 February, Donald Trump talked by telephone with Eric Zemmour. As BFMTV reports, the right-wing candidate of the Party Reconquête! He has received a call, but not his support. The former President of the United States has not formally called for voting for him.
23122	7	"According to a witness in the telephone interview, Trump told his interlocutor that ""Macron is a nice guy"" (""Macron is a chic guy""), according to the statements by the newspaper Le Parisien, and confirmed by the channel on Tuesday."
23122	9	Eric Zemmour's spokesman, Guillaume Peltier, spoke about this telephone interview during his passage on France 2, Monday.
23122	11	According to him, the former U.S. president would have given advice to the extreme right candidate during this 40-minute exchange. “To win, never change your line. Don’t give up,” Trump said. He also advised him to never change if he wanted to win. “The media will find you brutal. Never change if you want to win. Keep your authenticity and courage,” he advised.
23122	13	Scandale Buitoni: mea-culpa of Nestlé’s CEO France, creation of a “official support fund”
23122	15	Bees in trouble: “We ask to stop the destruction of bees”
23122	17	Sri Lanka: President Gotabaya Rajapaksa blocked at Colombo Airport
23122	19	Couple: Discover the signs that work has an effect kills love on sentimental life
23122	21	New Caledonia: Detected the first case of the monkey's variole
23123	1	State hand everywhere, justice and reality everywhere
23123	3	I reiterate what I said there are a few articles about inflation that we see regaining sharply today: if it was just a purely conjunctural counter-event, resulting only in the strangles that formed in the supply chain as a result of the brutal restart of the activities after the covid pandemic and now due to the Russian war in Ukraine and the confinements in China, the central banks would have no need to worry about it.
23123	5	But they are worried about it (of a few months, long before the beginning of the war in Ukraine), and some have even started to act by ceasing their asset purchases – the famous quantitative easings – and relating quite clearly their direct rates. A typical behavior of central banks that begin to find that the volume of the currency in circulation has reached an excessively dangerous point compared to the volume of the real economy in the sense that the value of the currency is now eroded in a galopant inflation. So it is time for them to put an end to easy money.
23123	7	The problem, the only problem at the bottom, is that this excessive monetary volume is itself the result of monetary policies previously decided by the same experts. At one time it was necessary to help growth, both byined low interest rates to facilitate investments and by purchases of assets to relieve the balance sheet of banks and allow them to lend without obstacles to states and.
23123	9	Does growth find its account? It is enough to look at France to understand that this kind of debrided policy plays against prosperity and employment. This did not prevent our admirably-powered government by Bruno Le Maire from raising the public debt of €89 billion in the first quarter of 2022, bringing it to €2900 billion or 114.5% of GDP. The “whatever it costs” continues to be more beautiful. It relieves at the moment, while feeding the inflation that we want to eradicate.
23123	11	In other words, our executive and monetary authorities are neither more nor less trying to correct the faults of their previous decisions. And it is more than likely that by hardening the investment conditions, the new decisions will eventually have a completely negative impact on economic activity and that the shot will need to be rectified again. The wicked circle.
23123	13	Economic activity is not a long quiet river. Even without talking about covid or war, a thousand and one small or large external shocks come to disrupt, sometimes hard, the pace of cruise – technological developments, spring fashion, more or less favorable weather, new social date, new regulations, etc. But historical observation tends to show that state interventionism, often claimed by the administrators and granted by the authorities in the name of social justice to correct what is not in the free game of the market, in fact has the effect of prolonging the crises, other than worsening them.
23123	15	Example given by Jacques Rueff: When wheat is temporarily in excess, which causes prices to fall and should encourage farmers to adjust their wheat production to the fall (natural crisis output by the price mechanism), public authorities generally rush to fly to their rescue by setting a minimum price that can give the illusion that their revenue is saved, but which, on the contrary, keep production at its excessive level and even more declines the end of the crisis.
23123	17	A concrete example experienced by France: early 2020, it has entered the Covid-19 pandemic without being fully removed from the 2008 crisis. Despite public spending and a re-distribution to the top, his unemployment remained curiously higher than with his most performing neighbors, his more degraded public accounts, and his growth was still as pushing.
23123	19	The failure of the state’s hand to make a better world happen is not limited to the economic field and monetary inflation. There are other inflations, equally illusory, equally unjust and equally driven by a state will to repair the disturbing realities of the world. Emblematic example: the rise to so say perpetual of the Bac notes and the vertigineous inflation of the mentions.
23123	21	We know the stages of the terrible descent to the hell of our educational system. Initially, as often, a good intention: in 1985, Jean-Pierre Chevènement gave France the goal of bringing “80% of an age class to the bachelor’s level by 2000” – a rate largely exceeded today.
23123	23	In the idea of the minister, it was about improving the system, not killing it. But very concrete, it turned out very quickly that it was impossible to the goal from above. Pedagogical ideology helped, on the contrary, it was necessary to constantly lower the requirements. As a result, the place of France is down regularly in international rankings while the success rate in the Bac continues to rise and is now around 95%.
23123	25	The school discontinuity of the covid period and the consequent promises of “friendly” rating have passed through it, but the “harmonisation” of the notes, still on the rise, has long been one of the most effective ingredients to give the illusion of a school excellence that is increasingly evaporating.
23123	27	This system has become so institutionalized – understand: has become so far away from the real – that this year, a year in principle “normal”, without covid, the teachers correctors of the copies of the Bac’s specialty tests have been surprised to see that the harmonisation was made directly in the notes transmission software, in a purely statistical way, without anyone giving itself the cost of reviewing the candidates’ actual work to verify the legitimacy of raising the average full lots of copies of two points or more.
23123	29	In other words, France has reached a point where the Bac notes are of the exclusive discretionary jurisdiction of the State and where the Bac results have become a data of pure political propaganda without any connection with the reality (very different) of the educational level. It is difficult not to see in this system the typical behavior of a failed socialist regime: to arrange the real by tripatching in the numbers and the “behavior” in the speech rather than by a change – difficult of course, but radical and indispensable – of direction.
23123	31	For students, there is nothing to lie. Because beyond high school, graduate studies (at least some of them) then the employment market will be responsible for proceeding the selection of young people according to their actual knowledge and skills. For some, the return to real life may be absolutely terrible.
23123	33	Nothing is unfair anymore. For even though the collapse of the educational level affects everyone, the good and excellent students have not completely disappeared. But the delights of “harmonization” combined with high school access criteria that prefer the student’s social coefficient (original college, scholarship, etc.) And those who are aiming to “slide” the results no longer allow the best to distinguish themselves.
23123	35	The teachers of the high schools Louis-Le-Grand and Henri-IV have recently made themselves the disappointed echo of this system that distributes the Bac and the mentions to the skin, but which is actually designed to crush the true excellence – the sad way of the sickly equalitarian spirit of France to consider equality. In the Affelnet software to assign students in secondary class, the software that their institution is asked to join without brunch at the next entry at the expense of a specific recruitment on file, students per student:
23123	37	The student’s notes are modified, in order to introduce a ‘simplified note’. For example, a student between 15 and 20 will have a simplified score equal to 16 (thus no exceptional qualities can be observed).
23123	39	After more than 75 years of providence state, after more than 75 years of dogmatic and satisfied speeches on the moral superiority of collective and planned management of everything, France should be, in all respects, a paradise on Earth.
23123	41	And yet it is nothing. France, on the contrary, has become the country of all the erosion built on illusion; the erosion-illusion of its currency – it is not the only concerned, but it is the worst prepared and the least determined to change line – the educational and cultural erosion-illusion, as we have just seen, to which one can easily add the erosion-illusion of its health and retirement systems as well as that of the safety of goods and people.
23123	43	Wouldn’t it be time to put the famous foot at the bottom of the pool?
23124	1	Corruption Pest: This rampant corruption is here to hide scientific truths from the public
23124	3	“This rampant corruption is there to hide from the public the scientific truths” (Luc Montnier, Nobel Prize, about this book).
23124	5	Dr. Judy Mikovits, virologist, graduated from molecular biology (University of Virginia and George Washington University), has been struggling for years against multinational pharmaceutical companies. In this book that has become an instant success in the United States, she denounces the collusion of doctors, laboratories and governments that she accuses of fraud to better sell their vaccines and drugs as expensive as possible, even when they are ineffective. The world of major laboratories turned against Judy Mikovits when she began denouncing the use of animal tissues in the research of drugs that ended up triggering new waves of chronic diseases, such as autism or chronic fatigue syndrome. She tells us about all the tricks and corruptions she has seen during her 35 years of career with Dr. Ruscetti (one of the founders of the field of human retrovirology), and what she has seen in private and public laboratories. This is a devastating chronology which is illustrated, for example, by the war that the media and doctors (paid by the large laboratories) deliver to Professor Didier Raoult and his medicine which not only heals the very large majority of Covid19 patients, but especially for a few small euros. This is not the taste of the same large pharmaceutical laboratories. At the time of the pandemic that forces the world’s population to wear masks for a virus coming from a laboratory, the reading of this book is vital, as the professor Luc Montagnier recommends, because it allows the reader to get aware of what’s going on behind the curtains of these large laboratories. “This book reveals the corruption of a part of the scientific world that goes against the economic interests of multinational companies” Dr. Luc Montagnier, Nobel Prize “Bill Gates, the Big Pharma and the Minister of Health don’t want you to read this book. Take it now and discover the truth about public health and everything the pharmaceutical complex has hidden about vaccinations””Michelle Malkin, journalist “Mikovits & Heckenlively are the new duo that fights against corruption in science”Ben Garrison, radio journalist “Fantastic revelations about the world of retroviruses and certain diseases such as autism”Dr. Stephanie Seneff, Senior Research Scientist, MIT Computer Science and AI Laboratory “”This book, which reveals the insidious methods of actors who corrupt science, leaves you out of voice”J.B. Handley, autism specialist “and it is an excursion in the world of Big Money & Big Pharma. May God bless Dr. Mikovits for his courage to share this story.” – Max Swafford
23125	1	Trump/Clinton 2016, Le Pen/Macron 2022, similarities, dissemblances
23125	3	At first glance, the parallels are striking between the 2016 U.S. presidential election and that which takes place this month in France:
23125	5	In both countries, the presidential office is placed at the center of debates and institutions.
23125	7	If the United States is among the world’s great powers, France is in the heart of the EU, one of the six founding states, capable of making it evolve positively or negatively.
23125	9	Both elections are a major issue.
23125	11	In both cases, they faced and faced candidates perceived as the representatives of the “elite” of the capital (Hillary Clinton, Emmanuel Macron), and challengers presenting themselves as the speakers of the populations excluded from the party of the rich (Donald Trump, Marine Le Pen).
23125	13	"- In both cases, the first thought to win because they had the right for them, and in both cases the challengers succeeded their bet to gather a good part of the ""excluded"" under a sovereignist and preferential national banner."
23125	15	In both cases, Putin’s Russia clearly indicated its preferences and has intervened directly.
23125	17	“Before it was better.”
23125	19	In both cases, finally, after years of media pilgrimage, on so-called social networks, a net shift from the electoral curator to the right is noted. The populist candidate recovering the fears from the popular environment of being competed by the poorer than they and of no longer recognizing his country as it was “previously” (before the arrival of migrant.e.s in number, before the dissolution of patterns and insecurity in the neighborhoods, etc.( ) consecutive fears of the social elevator grip and signs of loss of confidence in the “progress”. The “elite” candidate is also more right, especially in economic matters. And if Trump racked the crowds with his Make America Great Again, the Lepenist speech doesn’t say anything else, recycling the image of the sweet France of formerly prosperous villages, gathered around the school, the mayority and the clock – which had made Mitterrand elected 40 years ago.
23125	21	The risk? Let demagogy, versatility, insults, outrages and the constant crowd bath take the top of a responsibility speech, as Trump, Salvini or Orban have sadly illustrated throughout their mandates. But above all, and this explains all Putin’s concern for the European sovereign-right extremist, that of a remarkable weakening of the EU.
23125	23	A key issue: to consolidate or destabilize the EU?
23125	25	The war conducted by Putin against Ukraine has clearly highlighted the vital importance for the peoples of Europe that the EU be strong and solidarity, if they adhere to their sovereignty and freedom. For now sovereignty can only be exercised together, if one wants to weigh on the world. We must therefore be able to rely on each other in Europe, and no matter what the next U.S. president is, he must first and foremost take care of the Pacific much more than the Atlantic. Indeed, sooner or later China will move to action against Taiwan, which demonstrates daily what is intolerable to Xi Jinping, that democracy is perfectly compatible with Chinese mentality – and that will then be the time of truth for America.
23125	27	The French presidential elections – just as those of 2016 and 2020 in America – have a geopolitical dimension of the first place. This is where we measure how, in his assurance and greatness, Macron has neglected to trigger the membership of the French. He assumed without brushing the bad label of the president of the rich, limiting the wealth tax to the land and wanting to increase the retirement age, ignored the state of social degradation of his country, hidden the dramas of the desertified territories and suburbs – factory of exclusion and extremism left to themselves. He did not know how to catch the crisis of the yellow gloves to decentralize power and introduce elements of direct democracy, nor the proposals of the Citizen Convention for the Climate, by passing his promise of regaining them entirely.
23125	29	Relationship with the population is expensive
23125	31	This significantly weakened his position. But beyond all the parallels between Trump and Marine Le Pen, there is a difference in size between the two modes of election: the one in France is simple and direct; the candidate who obtained the most votes is elected. In the U.S., the electoral system says Hillary had 3 million more votes than Trump, but still lost. Biden needed a differential of 8 million votes in favor of him to win it. Let us therefore wish to France and Europe that Macron do a positive result, and let us hope that the memory of the wind of the ballet will remind him of the need to cultivate the ecological, social and governance dimensions, so that France can finally be in peace with itself.
23126	1	of Greece. Unlawful immigration: Athens will triple its length on the Turkish border
23126	3	While the pressure of the clandestine streams on its borders is again very strong, Greece has decided to triple the length of its ceiling along the Turkish border. However, it is likely that Brussels will need to help fund the project.
23126	5	Greece: Additional 80 km closure to Turkey
23126	7	Faced with the pressure of illegal immigration of non-European origin, building walls and roofs seems more effective than long speeches. It is essentially the policy of Greece, which now plans to triple the length of the ceiling at its border with Turkey due to a sudden increase in the number of clandestines trying to enter the country.
23126	9	If the construction was announced by the Greek authorities on May 29, the project is of even more burning news in recent days while the flow of migrants to the Greek borders is increasingly worrying.
23126	11	Thus, Athens plans, according to the Greek Minister of Immigration and Asylum Notis Mitarachi, to add more than 80 kilometers of barbered wire and steel to its 40 kilometers closure to reach the 120 kilometers. “There is a clear attempt from Turkey to instrumentalize migrants to create a crisis with Greece,” Mitarachi said. “The numbers speak of themselves,” he added.
23126	13	It must be remembered that the issue of immigration is one of the many sensitive topics at the heart of the deteriorated diplomatic relations between Turkey and Greece. Athens often accuses Ankara of using as a weapon asylum seekers at its border with Greece, claiming that it is obliged to prevent migrants from illegally entering Greece under an EU-Turkey agreement representing billions of euros.
23126	15	Last year, the Greek government completed the extension of 26 kilometers of a steel border wall, which increased the length of the barrier to 40 kilometers. Turkey accuses Greece of rejecting migrants to the Egean Sea.
23126	17	Increase of staff and migration pressure
23126	19	Compared to 2021, the number of migrants who tried to illegally cross the border between Turkey and Greece would have increased by 20 percent this year. Since January 2022, 3,000 people have tried to pass illegally to Greece from Turkey, during a total of 82 attempts, according to figures from the Greek Ministry of Immigration.
23126	21	In this context, Greece has also deployed hundreds of additional border guards to strengthen patrols along the border with Turkey in the Evros region over the past few weeks. In total, there are approximately 1,000 Greek soldiers who ensure the protection of about 500 km of the river border.
23126	23	In the framework of the European Agreement signed in 2016, Turkey agreed to block the flow of migrants to the EU through Greece in exchange for €6 billion to support refugee services.
23126	25	In addition, Athens also asked Brussels to obtain financial assistance for the completion of the closure extension work. Currently, no details on the amount of the project have been announced but it is strong to bet that the European Union does not give its agreement: last year already, 12 states (including Greece) had been denied funding for the construction of border walls by the European Commission.
23126	27	So, on 22 October 2021, Ursula von der Leyen said that the EU will not fund “bitters and walls” at its borders to protect itself from the flow of clandestines. However, the Chairman of the Commission has not proposed a more effective alternative solution to allow Europe to no longer be a migration pathway.
23128	1	Ecstasy and nuclear weapons: the Belgian NATO military base housed a drug laboratory -
23128	3	According to the information provided by the Belgian Defence and by the Huffington Post, the laboratory was so close that the Defence first thought it was in the base. A first statement from the prosecutor’s office in the Belgian province of Limburg (north) had emphasized in the afternoon that the clandestine laboratory, discovered last week, was “on the military field.”
23128	5	“On Wednesday 22 June 2022, the local police of the Campine discovered a synthetic drug laboratory, located on the military field (NATO) in Peer” and “used for the production of MDMA” (or ecstasy), can be read in this statement. The laboratory “was demolished by the specialized services of the federal police, in collaboration with the National Institute of Criminology (NICC) and Civil Protection,” the text said. It seems that “a neighboring house” is involved in the creation of this clandestine laboratory.
23128	7	In the evening, the Belgian Defence rectified the prosecutor's information to the AFP. According to the Belgian authorities, this infrastructure is “on an old military ground, near the base”, but not on the air base itself.
23128	9	Comment: Is that really the case, or do we still see a damage control!
23128	11	According to the same source, two people were arrested on the site during the discovery of the facility. The two suspects, released after being interrogated by the investigators, are “not employed by the Defense,” she said.
23128	13	A long kept secret
23128	15	Belgium, a member of the political and military organization that is in fact led by the United States, has long chosen to keep secret the presence of nuclear weapons on the base of Kleine-Brogel, where it operates a contingent of the U.S. army. A secret that has not been known since the late 1980s; a Belgian minister had then recognized the presence of these weapons. The exact number has never been revealed. The surroundings of the site – a wide perimeter of about 4 km per 3 km, according to a Defense spokesman – have repeatedly been the subject of demonstrations that denounce this lack of transparency.
23128	17	In 2019, Belgian deputy Samuel Cogolati estimated that “10 to 20” nuclear ogives were stored under U.S. control on this base.
2313	1	"Russian state television warns its spectators about the nuclear war: ""We'll all die one day"""
2313	3	On Tuesday, animators of the Russian state television spoke about the possibility of a war that would extend beyond Ukraine, and Margarita Simonyan, a journalist and head of RT, told the viewers that a nuclear war would be acceptable because “we all will die one day. »
2313	5	The Russian television continued to talk about the idea of a war that would extend beyond Ukraine alone, promoting the idea of a “unavoidable” war against “Europe and the world. The major Russian channels are known for the vitriolic rhetoric they broadcast to justify the invasion of Ukraine by Russia.
2313	7	In Tuesday night’s show, The Evening With Vladimir Solovyov, the animator Vladimir Solovyov, accompanied by Simonyan, said that in order to prevent other countries from interfering in Russia’s war with Ukraine, a nuclear war should be considered.
2313	9	“Personally, I think the most realistic path is that of the Third World War, based on the fact of knowing us and knowing our leader, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,” said Simonyan according to the Daily Beast, “knowing how everything works here, it’s impossible – there’s no chance – that we leave. »
2313	11	Simonyan continued saying, “Everything will end with a nuclear blow is more likely than the other outcome. It is to my horror, on the one hand, but on the other hand, with the understanding that it is what it is. »
2313	13	Vladimir Solovyov added: “But we’ll go to heaven, while they’ll just cross. »
2313	15	“We will all die one day,” Simonyan told the public.
2313	17	Russian President Vladimir Putin and other Kremlin officials have continued to make threatening statements against NATO. In a speech on Wednesday, Putin said that any country that would attempt to intervene and create “unacceptable threats for us, of a strategic nature”, would be opposed to a “flamouring” response, France-Presse.
2313	19	Solovyov also spoke about Western artillery supplies to Ukraine during Tuesday’s talk show, and asked: “What prevents us from hit the UK territory, from targeting those logistics centers where these weapons are charged? »
2313	21	Another guest of the show, Andrey Sidorov, deputy dean of global policy at the Moscow State University, replied: “If we decide to hit the United Kingdom, we should rather decide to hit the United States [...]. The final decisions are not made in London, but in Washington. If we want to hit the real center of the West, then we have to hit Washington. »
2313	23	Fiona Hill, the former head of European and Russian affairs at the National Security Council, appeared on Tuesday on a Times Radio podcast, saying Putin’s use of nuclear weapons in Ukraine is a viable possibility.
2313	25	“Naturally he [Putin] would do it. And the fact is that he has already done it in a rhetoric way, right? “He said Hill. He puts us in a position that we have never known before with the Soviet Union and Russia, even back to the Cold War, when we knew that part of the military doctrine consists of using military weapons, as well as biological and chemical weapons, in extreme circumstances in the context of an existential threat to the Soviet Union, which is not the case for Russia today. by 23130
23130	3	Since Mar-a-Lago, the accusations continue. In an interview with the conservative broadcaster Just The News, Donald Trump again accused Hunter Biden, who is the subject of an investigation, in Delaware, on his “tax cases”, of having touched the money of the widow of the former Moscow mayor, calling Vladimir Putin to “publish” any information on the subject: “She gave Biden, the two, $3.5 million, that’s a lot of money. She gave her $3.5 million, so I think Putin knows the answer to this question. I think he should publish it. »
23130	5	He repeats the information taken from a survey of the Republican senators, published in September 2020, which was interested in the role played by Hunter Biden within the Ukrainian gas group Burisma Holdings, which he joined the board in 2014 before resigning in April 2019, and the potential consequences of Hunter Biden’s foreign affairs on the policies of his father, then vice president. The investigation revealed that Elena Baturina, the businesswoman and widow of Iouri Loujkov – with whom Donald Trump himself tried, without success, to make business in the 1990s – would have paid $3.5 million to the company Rosemont Seneca Thornton in 2014 for advisory services. Hunter Biden’s lawyer had denied any connection with his client: according to him, the son of the U.S. president is co-founder of a investment company called Rosemont Seneca Advisors, but that would not have any connection with the company mentioned above.
23130	7	The call from the foot of the former U.S. President to Vladimir Putin comes a month after Donald Trump had greeted his strategy against Ukraine: “I saw a TV screen yesterday and I said, ‘It’s a genius.’ Putin declares a large part of Ukraine independent. Oh, it’s wonderful,” he said during the podcast recorded with the two conservative animators Clay Travis and Buck Sexton, referring to Moscow’s recognition of the independence of the self-proclaimed republics of Lougansk and Donetsk. The billionaire had continued his praises for the strategy of Vladimir Putin, “a guy who is very smart” he knows “very, very well”: “I said, “What it is brilliant.” He will go there and keep peace there.”
23130	9	Read the article on parismatch.com
23132	1	Marine Le Pen and Eric Zemmour denounce France’s “repentance” to Algeria
23132	3	Emmanuel Macron commemorates the 60th anniversary of the Evian agreements in Elysée, in the presence of witnesses of the time (appelled, independentist fighters, harkis), this Saturday, March 19, 2022. But the date of March 19, 1962 was disputed by Marine Le Pen.
23132	5	Advanced opening of archives on the war in Algeria: a hemiplegic memory
23132	7	"""A true reconciliation of memories if Algeria asks for forgiveness to the harkis"""
23132	9	Invited on Friday 18 March on France Inter, the candidate of the National Assembly to the presidential election reminded that “we have long contested this selected date, which was imposed as the end of the war in Algeria.” “There are tens of thousands of harkis who have been wildly killed after that date. And I want to honour them, because they were badly treated by the government of that time, they were placed in camps, sometimes they were dead, they were placed in bars, their children were not educated,” she said.
23132	11	The deputy of Pas-de-Calais also denounced the position of the former French colony on its historical with France. “If it is about reconciliating the memories by flattering in front of Algeria, which is constantly asking for acts of repentance, for me it will not be. Unless Algeria itself asks for forgiveness to the harkis on how they behaved towards them, then there will be a real reconciliation of memories,” she said.
23132	13	Eric Zemmour wants to end France’s repentance in Algeria
23132	15	After Marine Le Pen, it is Eric Zemmour who expressed himself in a tribune in Figaro published this Saturday, to deliver his vision of the links that France and Algeria must maintain. He denounces the attitude of French politicians who beat “the coulpe” against “often arrogant” Algerian leaders. A situation that allowed to “facilitate the mass immigration” of the Algerians to France. The candidate for reconquest. He said he wanted to establish a “respect and not repentance” relationship with Algeria.
23132	17	Among the proposals out of his program, the former journalist wants to condition financial aid and visa granting “to cooperation against illegal immigration, to the re-admission of illegal immigrants expelled from France and to agreements that allow small prison penalties to be carried out in the countries of origin of foreign criminals. »
23133	1	Totalitarianism: In Spain, anti-IVG people may be sentenced to prison for “harassment”
23133	3	They may be sentenced to three months in prison to one year in prison or to work of general interest for having “harmed a woman” in order to “hinder the exercise of the right to voluntary interruption of pregnancy” through “threatening, offensive, intimidating or pressing acts,” according to the text which the Socialist Party of Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez is the source. The “harassment” of the healthcare staff will be punished by the same penalty.
23133	5	According to a report from the Association of Authorized Clinics to Practice IVG (ACAI) dated 2018, 89% of women who want to abortion in Spain felt harassed and 66% threatened. The abortion was decriminalized in Spain in 1985, but for three reasons only: rape, “serious risk” for the woman and fetal malformation. It was only in 2010 that the country legalized IVG without medical justification until the 14th week of pregnancy.
23133	7	A right of trouble
23133	9	But abortion remains a right sowed of trouble in this country with strong Catholic tradition where the doctors’ objection of consciousness is massive and where the anti-IVG movements are very active. These groups often gather in front of clinics to try to convince women not to abortion by showing them plastic fetus or making them ride in vehicles equipped with an ultrasound. Anti-IVG activists protested before the Senate on Wednesday to denounce a “criminalization” of their activities. In January, the Association of Catholic Propagandists (ACdP) had deployed 260 advertising panels in 33 cities, including in the metro of Madrid, with the slogan “Praying in front of a clinic that practices abortion is great.”
23133	11	In 2015, the right, then in power, wanted to return to the law of 1985. Faced with a shield lift, she had made back machine, but had nevertheless reformed the legislation to force minors aged 16 and 17 to provide parental permission. The left government wants to abolish this provision and also ensure a minimum of access to IVG in the public health system while a very large majority of IVG are practiced in private. In Spain, women sometimes have to travel hundreds of kilometers to abortion facing the lack of specialized services nearby. Eight of the 50 provinces of the country have not registered any abortion since its depenalization in 1985, according to the government.
23134	1	France offers asylum to Americans seeking abortion
23134	3	Thousands of people demonstrated on Saturday in several cities in France “for the defense of the right to abortion.” It was 1500 in Paris.
23134	5	Brightening the five painted in red, very young women, paradeed singing: “From New York to Paris, free and free abortion.” “Keep your laws off my body” (Ot your laws of my body) could be read, many pancartes being written in English. The californication of the world advances.
23134	7	And if France offered asylum to pregnant American women... and if the secu proposed to welcome in France, free of charge, American refugees who want to abortion. They could be welcomed in a beautiful clinic in Normandy; but killing future little Americans two steps away from where the GI’s died on our beaches, a morning where we were not there, as Sardou singed, would be too pleasant for the primary and visceral anti-Americans of the left as well as of the extreme right; it would be better to offer the Hospital of Saint Barth, at two encapsules of Florida, a story of saving on transport.
23134	9	Therefore, the idea of bringing a boat, such as the cruise is fun. The Pacific Princess re-called for the occasion The After-Love Boat would cabot but far from the U.S. coasts. Captain Merrill Stubing would welcome young pregnant women despite them, alongside Dr. Adam “Doc” Bricker who would propose a card abortion, barman Isaac Washington would prepare vitamined cocktails with an egg yellow to rabble these ladies, there would also be Julie McCoy, director of the floating clinic, and Vicki Stubing, the daughter of Captain in nurse. The head of cabin Burl “Gopher” Smith, Fred Grandy in the city, who made a career as a Republican would, of course, not be of the game.
23134	11	Free abortions to all foreigners, including Americans
23134	13	Because, more seriously, you imagine that in response to the U.S. Supreme Court's decision to cancel the Roe vs. Wade ruling and bring the issue of abortion back to the state level, the British Medical Association presses its government to offer free abortions to all foreigners, including Americans, whether their own country pays or not for the procedure. The British taxpayers are likely to pay the note.
23134	15	According to a Telegraph article, the British syndicate BMA approved a motion that would enable it to push the British state to “support the provision of free and secure abortion care to all citizens who request it in the UK, without submitting them to the prior tariff for patients abroad, regardless of borders”, during an emergency session that would take place on Wednesday.
23134	17	The British Medical Association is far from being the only body in the UK to condemn the recent decision of the U.S. Supreme Court on abortion, many people and institutions across the country have opposed the decision of the U.S. Court, including the Conservative Prime Minister Boris Johnson, calling it a “big step back.” Definitely, the culture of death has beautiful days before it, in our liberal Western democracies.
23134	19	French President Emmanuel Macron has rushed to speak on the issue, which seems to have irritated Marine Le Pen, who accused the French President of using abortion to distract the attention of other issues such as purchasing power, security, immigration out of control, arguing that abortion was not at all threatened in France. We will add: not by the one who takes up Marion Maréchal – for whom abortion is far from being an anonymous question – reiterating that it is a lunar topic for voters.
23134	21	“They just didn’t want to have a baby.”
23134	23	While pro-abortion activists constantly cite rape, incest or life-threatening reasons for which women should be able to kill their children to be born, only one percent of women get abortion because they have become pregnant because of rape, and less than 0.5 percent do so because of incest. According to Live Action[3], about 80% of abortions are optional or without reason.
23134	25	English singer Lily Allen revealed that she had an abortion, and claimed that no one had to “reason”, adding that she and others abortion their children to be born: “just didn’t want to have a fucking baby,” (because they simply didn’t want to have a baby fool.) “And that’s a sufficient reason! “She cried in majuscule.
23134	27	The singer had the honesty to write on Instagram that she would like that “People stop showing examples of exceptional reasons for abortion. Most people I know, including me, didn’t want to have a baby. »
23134	29	Allen's comments on social media come after she was seen on stage as a surprise guest of the 19-year-old singer and Disney Channel star Olivia Rodrigo, both giving themselves airs of rebels throwing the doors open. Allen holds his finger in the middle of each hand in the air making moulinets while Rodrigo appoints the judges of the U.S. Supreme Court who cancelled the ruling Roe vs. Wade.
23134	31	"“I’m devastated and scared of the idea that so many women and girls will die because of this,” said Olivia Rodrigo in contradiction with Lilly Allen’s statements mentioned above. The star of Disney Channel has swallowed the names of the Supreme Court judges, adding, “We hate you.” Then the California and the English played Allen's song ""Fuck You""."
23134	33	All these young girls present in England, on June 25, 2022, at the fourth day of the Glastonbury Festival (see the video[4]) who seem to want to be “foiled” without caution or limit, bring us back to this unlikely 1970 film, The Man Orchestra where Louis De Funès sings: “When you make lalala lala, think about the consequences.5 “Other time!
23134	35	P.-S: I sometimes make this mad dream: and if we simply returned to the Veil Act of 1975 stricto sensu. Would this not be a great progress for the French? But you can’t imagine how hard it will be.
23136	1	Will the LGBT demands Macron’s “coming out”?
23136	3	“But homophobia also kills psychologically, by moral harassment that mines a large portion of us and leads some to suicide (recall that we have a suicide rate three times higher than the population)! This coverage, therefore, has a vocation to speak to all and mostly to our presidential candidates. For even though our rights are advancing (the current five-year proves it), we must continue to mobilize ourselves especially for the fight against homophobia.”
23136	5	Will education save us? The role of national education in particular is a formidable leverage to the awareness of young generations. This is what we think of Garcon Magazine’s writing; which allows us to hope that the end of the tunnel is well visible and that solutions exist. “Manu,” don’t lose the pedals, they count on you to continue a lot of social progress LGBTQI+. »
23136	7	However, not lessening on the symbolic, financial and legislative means, Manu has made a lot to advance their cause and that of transgender. As he has proven many times, he is worried about transidentity... With the unforgettable Festival of Music 2018... Then the Circular Blanquer, in September 2021, on the inclusion of transgender children... In full presidential campaign, just before the Parliament takes a break, he has precipitated, on 25 January 2022, the vote of a law named: “Prohibition of practices aimed at changing a person’s sexual orientation or gender identity”, legislation going much further than its title. This law that promotes gender utopia: no matter what is real, only the feeling counts, which is now imposed in the social sphere.
23136	9	Therefore, we can only question the purpose of this one. Would this magazine finally want to get the failed coming out of 2017?
23136	11	Head of a war that doesn’t affect us or little, Macron would rise to 30%, it’s very likely that assuming gay and married to a transgender, he would rise to 50%, the French are proud to oppose the believable and overlasting virility of the old Putin a young head of state in line with his time and his country.
23137	1	Hungary declares war to the European Union: “No one will impose an embargo on Russian gas”
23137	3	More than three months after the beginning of the war in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the West against Russia, Hungary keeps its iron arm with the European Union and categorically refuses any embargo on Russian gas.
23137	5	More than three months after the heavy economic sanctions imposed on Russia, Hungary does not disappear. The country, whose economy is very dependent on Russian gas, had already stated that it had no intention to leave the Russian gas. And three months later, Budapest keeps its iron arm with the EU.
23137	7	In fact, according to the Hungarian media BudapestTimes.hu, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said that the Hungarian state, led by Viktor Orban, does not even consider to discuss the Russian gas embargo with the European authorities. For the head of Hungarian diplomacy, it is out of question that the EU imposes this embargo on all Member States.
23137	9	“We have no problem with the idea that the European Union is looking for new sources of gas supply, but the participation must be voluntary. No obligation regarding the supply (in gas, ndlr) can be imposed on the Member States,” he warns.
23137	11	It should be remembered that this is not the first time the government of Viktor Orban publicly disagrees to impose an embargo on Russian gas. In fact, according to the U.S. media Bloomberg who quoted a senior Hungarian government official, Budapest is totally opposed to this measure, going to mention the hypothesis of putting its veto.
23137	13	“These decisions require unanimous agreement, it makes no sense that the Commission imposes sanctions affecting Russian gas and oil and that would put Hungary’s supply in danger,” Minister Gergely Gulyas said in a statement on HirTV.
23137	15	Faced with a possible cutting of Russian gas in the West, which would have disastrous consequences for Hungary, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban had not missed the alarm bell in March last year. “We need to take into account the fact that most of our oil and gas imports come from Russia. 90% of households in Hungary are heated with Russian gas,” he warned, adding that without this precious Russian gas, the Hungarian economy would stop from day to day.
23139	1	The Real Goals Behind the Covid-19: The World After
23139	3	The world today, based on infinite growth but with limited resources, is no longer possible.The countries make loans they will have to pay back in 100 years!The! The arrival of new technologies and growing robotics cause more and more unemployment worldwide: and those left for account are counted by millions.We are at the end of an economic cycle, and the covid-19 is the ideal excuse to impose large-scale reforms worldwide, which would not have been accepted by the peoples in normal time.Internet purchases, telework, vaccination worldwide (willed by Bill Gates and the globalists), the multiplication of taxes for the benefit of the environment and the decrease of our freedoms will be part of the profound changes to which we will be confronted in the next few years? Will we see a real estate crisis? will we see a complete reconstruction of the EU? Is a revolution possible in France?These are the main questions to which we will try to answer.Because many of us still think that this is just a bad time to pass, and that in a few months, everything will come back in order. Not to! We are just at the beginning of a chapter that will shake the world and change all our habits.
2314	1	War is war, and this war will intensify. 
2314	3	This is actually war. NATO is in war with Russia. German lawyers may say no, but when the West arms Ukraine, when NATO special forces are in Kiev (i.e. the British SAS) and form their protected militias to use their weapons to kill the Russians, is it really important to know from what shoulder is the Starstreak (British-made) missile that drops down a Russian helicopter?
2314	5	Anyway, this “war” (war by procurement, if you prefer) was actually launched in 2014, and intensified considerably in 2017, when NATO ceased to rely on Ukrainian national forces (who had turned out somewhat inclined to defeat, with their weapons, to Russian-speaking militias), to resort to internationalists and mercenaries, with the aggressive intention of weakening and training Russia in a bourbier.
2314	7	War is war, and this war will intensify.
2314	9	No one knows the exact number of these extreme-right militias raised by the West, but Reuters advances the figure of a hundred thousand, which is observed and approved by Jacques Baud, former NATO chief adviser. These paramilitary, however, do not play any role in the normal campaign war, but rather focus onining “ordre” (i.e. strict compliance with the rules) in cities. And that’s exactly what you’ve had in Mariupol and elsewhere. These Azov-type militias are not equipped for ground operations. They are equipped for the urban war. To be clear, this way of impatient urban war in the Idlib does not aim to defeat the Russian army, but to train it into a dulling and enveloping mould.
2314	11	Until February of this year, this device was mainly intended to take place as a campaign of attraction; a born bourbier. But suddenly, on February 16, there was a massive increase in artillery shots on the Ukrainian side (approximately 30 times more than in the past, according to the OSCE) and this coincided with Biden's predictions of an imminent Russian invasion. For the Russians, and for President Putin in particular, this was a sign of the beginning of the expected usure war. And this is how on February 24 the special military operation of Russia was launched.
2314	13	Why the Attraction? Why not an ordinary war? Well, because NATO didn’t want to put its “boots” on the ground. He wanted a low-intensity rebellion.
2314	15	Why to? Because it had been decided that the collapse of Russia (the ultimate goal) should first and foremost be achieved by a total financial war (which thus avoids U.S. losses): Thousands of sanctions; the capture of Russian exchange reserves; and a concerted effort to make the ruble flow. In March, Biden already praised in his speech on the state of the EU that the ruble had collapsed by 30% and the Russian stock exchange by 40%. The struggles in Ukraine were therefore treated as giving the pain of the financial war more time to bite in Russia.
2314	17	But today we see that the calculation is changing. In fact, it has to change, because the dynamics and timetables are reversed:
2314	19	The economy of Russia has not collapsed. The ruble returned to the level it was before February 24. Then the West deployed its unprecedented anti-Putin PSYOP, on the background of almost daily allegations of troubled and war crimes attributed to Russia.
2314	21	The PSYOP war has completely imprinted the European public with an envy and a passionate hatred for Putin and the Russian people. His “success” in this regard has no doubt.
2314	23	But it seems that there has also been a less notable Anglo-American sub-intrigue: This sub-intrigue consists in weakening Germany and preventing it from joining Russia – for at least one generation. This last aspiration is well established and exists since the First World War.
2314	25	War is war, and this war will intensify. 
2314	27	As Ambrose Evans-Pritchard wrote in the Telegraph this week, “Olaf Scholz must choose between an energy embargo on Russia and a moral embargo on Germany.” The Western Europe’s refusal to cut the funding of Vladimir Putin’s war machine is inaccurate. The moral and political damage to the EU becomes prohibitive.”
2314	29	But note the corollaire: To push this EU energy embargo, Britain makes the auctions rise by demanding a
2314	30	“Western response to the height of the existential threat to which the liberal European order is facing.”
2314	32	Russia survives the financial war because the EU continues to buy gas and energy from Russia. The EU – and more specifically Germany – funds Putin’s “non-provoked grotescal war,” the meme says. No euro should come to Putin.”
2314	34	Isn’t this just an evolution of the West’s goals in February? Not to. Because the strategy of the “Russian energy boycott” is not to leave the “Treasure War” time to bring its fruits, but rather to “take the curtain on Europe,” of course, and on Germany in particular. and soon.
2314	36	Europe has no way to replace Russian energy with other sources in the coming years. But the European leaders, consumed by a freeness of anger in the face of a flow of images of troubled people from Ukraine – and by the feeling that the “liberal world” must at any cost avoid a loss in the Ukrainian conflict – seem to be ready to go to the end. The ban on energy could happen quite quickly.
2314	38	But here’s the hic: the U.S. sees well that their “war” of usure is a failure. The Ukrainian army is surrounded and will soon be eliminated (in one way or another).
2314	40	So the question is no longer whether the striking war can give sanctions more time to bite the Russian population. The Treasury War also fails (for complex reasons related to the fact that the Bank of Russia binds the ruble to gold and the ruble to energy).
2314	42	The economic and financial consequences are changing the situation. Inflation is rising in Europe, and it will continue to rise. And the public feeling is changing: “A survey says that public opinion’s support for sanctions against Russia decreases as the cost of life crisis begins to be felt. The percentage of the public who would accept a fuel price rise as a result of severe Western sanctions against Russia fell from 14 points in a month, from 50% in March to 36% this week.
2314	44	The deadlines no longer correspond: The euro sanctions need (theoretically) more time to come into effect. The West has no time. It is the inflation that melt “now” (and that returns the European feeling against the Ukrainian project). The last thing the European establishment wants is a “European spring” (in contrast to the Arab spring).
2314	46	The West is faced with a difficult choice: the support of the public to the Ukrainian project is probably stumbling, at the same time when the realities on the ground show that “European liberal order” will not be saved from disintegration – by Ukraine.
2314	48	However, the public opinion is believed that without a victory of the European Ukraine, without the total defeat and humiliation of Russia, the liberal world will not survive. So we hear from the end of the lips of the EU High Representative, Mr. Borrell, that Ukraine can only be resolved by military means. What he wants to say is that the West must be maximumist, before inflation ruins the plan. The escalation, or the existential failure. 
23140	1	Central banks do not control inflation
23140	3	The speeches of central banks have always been pretentious, pompeous and jargonious. They have recently become uncoherent.
23140	5	Thus, saying that the rise of short rates is a way to fight inflation is to admit the opposite: the fall of short rates is a way to create inflation. It is, therefore, to admit that the previous decrease of interest rates was inflationist. Therefore, inflation cannot be transitional as our financial eminences have claimed. Simply, as always, it took time to manifest and to stumble in the prices of everyday life.
23140	7	Since the 2008 crisis, the euro area’s GDP has stagnated while its monetary mass has doubled. Suppose a school court where students buy sweets with Monopoly tickets. Every child understands that the more tickets there are to exchange the same amount of sweets, the more the sweets will cost. No matter where the tickets come from. As long as someone doesn’t decide to burn the excess monopoly tickets, the price of sweets won’t return to its previous level.
23140	9	Wise readers will object to me that “yaka” produces more sweets. Of course, but it’s more difficult to do than monopoly tickets. The talents of Yellen, Powell, Draghi, Lagarde, and Cie are limited to monetary creation and they have never put their hands in the bakery or more generally in the camouflage of the real economy.
23140	11	So for decades, central banks have created too much currency or credit (this is the same). This mechanism was established a long time ago, when the dollar cut off from gold in 1971 and all currencies became floating.
23140	13	The creation has been packed with every crisis: the oil shocks of the 1970s, the internet bubble, the credit bubble subprime, the euro debt crisis, the post-covid recovery and, in Europe, the fight against climate change. Every time we think the summit of the craternity is reached, we are wrong.
23140	15	The Magical Money Rubber of Central Banks
23140	17	Central banks accelerate monetary creation by lowering the so-called directive interest rates: this rate sets the price of the newly created money by commercial banks. The less it is expensive, the more banks give loans easily and vice versa.
23140	19	For memory, we live in a monetary and banking system in which credits make the deposits and not the opposite as the grandfather’s time. This is the principle of fractional reserves: banks have the privilege to borrow money that does not exist.
23140	21	A more expensive monetary creation does not mean that the magical silver rubber is closed. It always creates credit but less quickly. This is why central banks cannot fight inflation. Imagine that you have the power to open a robinet but never to close it in depth... Liquidities always flow, only the flow is changed.
23140	23	Central banks have also manipulated long-term interest rates since 2008. They nationalized the bond market by acquiring debt emissions from their customs states and some major companies. By doing so, they have facilitated public deficits and debts.
23140	25	Who will burn Monopoly bills?
23140	27	To effectively fight inflation, central banks should:
23140	29	Increase direct rates to monstrous levels (breadly higher than official inflation rates)
23140	31	- to return what they have purchased (to make a fact demand) thus, in the case of the ECB, the debt of Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, France...
23140	33	If they do this, they will trigger a monstrous recession. Many infusion companies, living with refinancing at almost zero rates, will bankrupt. Including banks, those same institutions that are the source of the need for a central bank. Including, too, many great states that will be unable to pay their debts.
23140	35	Excessive Monopoly bills are never voluntarily destroyed by those who put them into circulation (central banks) or those who took advantage of them first (the banking and financial system). They are always destroyed by bankruptcy as history shows.
23140	37	A central bank is first a bank in the service of the banks, not the public.
23140	39	To try to avoid the breakdown, the central banks will do what they have always done: reopen the robinet of monetary creation. So we may see some bankruptcy or crash consequences of a shy rise in interest rates and then we will be explained that we need to save the economy, restart and consequently... lower interest rates! At this point, the trust capital that this inep financial system has in possession could be shocked.
23140	41	Per the general public will realize that a “central bank is nothing more than the head of a bank card, intended to manipulate the markets by controlling interest rates.”
23140	43	Central banks can take care of legal counterfeiting as long as they want, provided they save the banks and their guardian states. This is what we call monetary policy. This coping capitalism is called ultra-liberalism by the naïfs of the Nupes. However, in practice, inflation is a tax that does not need to be voted by any parliament.
23140	45	The anti-fragmentation of the eurozone: the new hole that will hunt us Lagarde
23140	47	Despite all the current monetary malversations, the loan rates in the eurozone countries are starting to decline again. The European Central Bank has a new currency creation. This is what Reuters says:
23140	49	The European Central Bank (ECB) will purchase bonds issued by Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece using the product of the German, French and Dutch debt deadlines it holds in portfolio, to limit the escalation of revenue differences between states.
23140	51	The overduty France will thus spend the money that it does not have to help countries even more overduty and economically weak than it. As the young people say, “It’s going to happen.”
23140	53	Specifically, the euro should continue to decline against the dollar; double penalty for our energy imports: the adverse exchange effect will add to the rising prices of fossil fuels. This will lead to more monetary creation to accelerate an inefficient and ruined energy transition.
23140	55	The public will finally find out at its expense that a central bank does not fight inflation but uses it for its benefit. But it will need a monetary crisis for which I explain the mechanisms here.
23141	1	Turbine or not turbine? Germany in full marasme
23141	3	Article of Conflict
23141	5	To be, or not to be, that is the question: in a few words, Shakespeare told his prince Hamlet the existential question of being, leaving to suffer, or not being anymore by rebelling and risking death. The Germans live these days this universal refrain of doubt: to live with Russian gas or to die economically without Russian gas, this is the question.
23141	7	Electricity can’t do much.
23141	9	A wind of panic seems to blow on Germany. As the months pass and the war shows more and more signs of slurry, the authorities are afraid that they will be forced to cut the gas supply to the industries (before they are forced to do so for citizens) despite the government’s appropriate efforts to alleviate the situation.
23141	11	The continuation – or even the increase – of electricity production by burning the country’s lignite and even the maintenance of a few nuclear power plants that have not yet been closed will not be enough to get Germany out of oil for a simple reason that is often ignored or even hidden. Natural gas is mainly used for thermal purposes, i.e. to produce industrial heat or to heat houses and services. 70% of the EU’s natural gas is used for heating, and power plants can’t do anything.
23141	13	Ludwigshafen is in panic
23141	15	The German chemical industry launched the alarm. Martin Brudermüller, the head of the chemical giant company BASF, clearly opposed a possible embargo on Russian gas:
23141	17	“Stoping our imports of Russian gas would cause irreversible damage to the national economy [...] this could dive the German economy into its biggest crisis since the end of World War II.”
23141	19	Not only is natural gas a raw material of the chemical and petrochemical industry — including to produce hydrogen, the new star of the political world, but also to heat all industrial processes. That makes Martin Brudermüller say that it is “a existential threat to German SMEs,” in addition to that of the large chemical industry. However, BASF does not give up its unilateral autopunition goal to zero net CO2 emissions by 2050.
23141	21	Should we laugh or cry reading that MAN Energy Solution’s alleged geopolitical energy strategists think of heating the oven and crackers with electricity? Paniced by the idea that Vladimir Putin can close the gas valve, the large industrial complexes say anything.
23141	23	But the German citizens can not even spend the winter without heating. That is why the government is trying, fairly, to accumulate as much gas as possible in its underground storage facilities. But it will take at least five years to get Germany free from its dependence on Russia. Geopolitical errors are expensive and expensive. Moscow knows that, and that’s why it has dared to launch the war in Ukraine.
23141	25	Less gas in North Stream 1
23141	27	It was found that since June 14, the flow of gas in the famous Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline has decreased. While its maximum capacity is 150-170 million cubic meters per day (Mm3/d), Gazprom announced it would gradually reduce the flow to 67 Mm3/d.
23141	29	The reason invoked is the decision of Rostekhnadzor, the Russian technical security agency, to stop the turbines of the Portovaya compression factory on the Gulf of Finland near Vyborg. It is not a gas turbine as in an electric power plant, but a turbomachine (centrifuge compressor), because the gas must be compressed enough — like a bicycle pump — to travel the 1200 km of gas pipeline under the Baltic Sea.
23141	31	Turbine or not?
23141	33	It is the Rolls-Royce Turbo Machine installed in 2011. In 2014, the activity of the Rolls-Royce centrifuge compressors was purchased by the German Siemens and the manufacturing and therefore revision factory is located in Dorval (Montréal). Like all rotating machines, the Nord Stream 1 machines need a revision — the question of whether it could be delayed remains open. A machine of 52 MW was sent to Canada for a major revision. Replacement equipment is usually available where it is used. Is there any in Portovaya? This is another open question. It is tempting to accuse Russia of using the security argument to not send enough gas to Germany. Moreover, as Italy — the second Russian gas importer — is concerned about this reduction, during his visit to Kiev, Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi said: “We have been told that the reason for gas cuts across Europe is technical, but Germany and we, as well as others, think that they are lies. »
23141	35	Is it an energy weapon in rejection of the sanctions it is undergoing? Certainly, Moscow is cautious as there are take-or-pay contracts that force Gazprom to deliver gas (and EU companies to take it). In a few years, negotiations before the arbitration courts between Russian and European companies will be numerous.
23141	37	But mutual accusations should help clarify the things. Moscow accuses Ottawa of not allowing the return of the centrifuge turbine, which is now in good condition, because Canada has included Gazprom on its list of companies under sanctions. The compressor can’t leave Canada, Gazprom can’t compress enough gas and German tanks don’t fill fast enough.
23141	39	Gazprom says other turbo machines will need to be revised and that for “security reasons” the gas pipeline could be closed, especially as the scheduled maintenance takes place from 11 to 21 July. Like Hamlet, no one knows what to do... including removing the gas stored for the winter in the summer... As in the case of the irrigated irrigator, sanctions hit Russia, but also the EU.
23141	41	Canada is leaving
23141	43	At the G7 in Bavaria, Olaf Scholz and Mario Draghi probably managed to convince Justin Trudeau to make a gesture so that Europeans don’t have cold this winter.
23141	45	While Ukraine pressed Canada not to deliver the compressor to Russia, it was on July 8 that Ottawa agreed to let the turbo machine go to Germany, which will then deliver it to Gazprom, not violating its own rules. It was necessary for someone to hunt a curve, especially because, according to Vitaly Yermakov (expert of the Valdai Club), Gazprom argued that one of the two pipes of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline blocked by Olaf Scholz was full and that it was enough to open the van on the German side. The humiliation is milder for Ottawa than it would have been for Berlin.
23141	47	In war as in war
23141	49	In the same vein of the environmental argument, on 6 July a Russian regional court ordered the temporary stop of the oil flow by the CPC oil pipeline that connects the oil field of Tengiz, Kazakhstan, to the Russian port of Novorossiysk, on the Black Sea along the Caspian Sea by the north. The environmental problem was highlighted only two days after Kazakh President declared that his country was ready to send to the European Union more than the 67 million tons of oil currently exported. It is easy to note that a few months ago, an oil pipeline inspection allowed to detect some relatively small leaks. This decision of the regional court worsened the situation by suspending the transit. As often, we have the right to ask ourselves if it is a message sent to Kazakhstan to get back to the rank.
23141	51	Everything indicates that Moscow will now play the energy map in the procurement war with the United States and the European Union. By the winter, we can expect increasingly painful surprises for the industry and European citizens. We hardly dare to think about what will happen in Ukraine this winter if Russia cuts its gas since the country depends for 90% of its gas production from the Donbass — becoming Russian — and imports 30% from Russia... The Ukrainians will die of cold — in the figure and, unfortunately, for some in the clean sense.
23141	53	“Turbine or not turbine” seems to be resolved. “Russian gas or no Russian gas, that’s the question,” the contemporary Hamlets ask themselves.
23142	1	United States: Democrats are preparing their own insurrection
23142	3	For several weeks, Democrats and their media laquies have been making their show of the “insurrection” of January 6, 2020. It is thus aimed at “comprehensing” what has led to this “unprecedented” attack on democracy and identifying guilty.
23142	5	I can’t stop having a smile in the corner when I see the democratic hyperventilation in the face of the January 6 rebellion. The guilty must be identified and imprisoned. But when the time comes to fail to accept a defeat, Democrats have no lesson to give to anyone.
23142	7	Just look at the whole of Trump’s presidency. From hearing climbed by the Clinton camp, we have tried again and again to condemn the evil orange man for the immune crime of defeating a democrat too stupid to campaign in key states.
23142	9	But even in power, Joe Biden’s party tries by all means to seat more than doubtfully his power – a “insurrection” if we study his logic.
23142	11	Indeed, after several decisions of the Supreme Court that have gone “in the wrong direction”, several influential politicians and Democratic supporters have not gone away with dead hands to attack the Court.
23142	13	There is first the rejection of the decision Roe vs Wade, which fled almost two months ago. Democrats therefore had a lot of time to codify a federal law on abortion. But since the turn of the century, several abortion supporters had so extreme positions and repugnant practices – not rejected by the democratic establishment – that they would have been unable to do so.
23142	15	That’s why they swear on all roofs that the Supreme Court has just banned abortion, which is false. Certainly, several states have already banned the practice or are about to do so. But others have not changed anything and even appear as “sanctuaries” for abortion. Several employers even offer to pay for the procedure for their employees with a uterus. (Into a simple joke on the rationalization of the costs for insurance)
23142	17	Equal, not infamous
23142	19	The discourse on the Supreme Court continued with other decisions on weapons, education benefits and the powers granted (or not) to the Federal Environmental Agency (EPA) to regulate CO2 emissions. In each of the cases, the “good” liberal decision has been made to restrict either the government’s restrictions, or to remind that only Congress promulgates laws, unless it explicitly delegates to an agency to do so in its place.
23142	21	Unlike Republicans who remained relatively calm in the face of a decision that disadvantaged them on immigration, Democrats quickly questioned the legitimacy of the Supreme Court, calling for more judges to dilute the influence of the most conservative at the moment, or even to dissolve it completely. Protesters have even tried to violently invade Arizona’s legislature without the media burning. Many have even had the courage to take advantage of it to finance their next campaign.
23142	23	Can you imagine the reaction of the Democrats and their laquas if the Republicans had so much raged if the decision had gone in the opposite direction? They were accused of threatening democracy. But with democratic immunity, we get a gold ticket that allows everything.
23142	25	They can thus allow themselves to attack without shame a co-legal branch of the government that they want to submit to their will. This ardent desire has existed since at least Franklin Roosevelt, who had not appreciated the cancellation of his anti-constitutional New Deal, which carried down Mussolini’s economic policy.
23142	27	In short, the Democrats remind us that they are at least as regrettable as the Republicans when the time comes to attack the democratic institutions. Like any good party in a banana republic, they will have rest only when all the branches of the government are on their side.
23142	29	The freedom that illuminates the world has no power greater than 15 watts, unfortunately...
23143	1	End of ecological bureaucracy in the United States, but not in the EU
23143	3	Article of Conflict
23143	5	The U.S. Supreme Court put an end to the bureaucracy that intends to control the lives of Americans. It would be urgent to protect the lives of European citizens from the unnecessary and liberal bureaucracy of Brussels-Strasbourg.
23143	7	In the course of fifteen days, the Supreme Court of the United States issued, in June 2022, historic decisions that will have significant consequences for the coming decades. It began by reaffirming that the right to carry weapons is a constitutional right, that a sports teacher has the right to pray silently on a sports field, then in the Dobbs ruling, the Court decided that the U.S. Constitution does not take part in the issue of abortion and that, therefore, the federal state does not have to take care of it, and that it is to the people and its elected representatives to decide (see the very complete article of Drieu Godefridi). These decisions shocked the politically correct world of Europe, which immediately criticized these decisions without even hesitating to read the legal texts. President Macron and others even allowed themselves to criticize a third-country sovereign court decision.
23143	9	To conclude the series of decisions of its June 2022 session, the U.S. Supreme Court concluded that the limitation of CO2 emissions from power plants should be decided by the legislator and not by the officials of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
23143	11	A Camouflet for Joe Biden alias Barack Obama
23143	13	As for the Dobbs decision, the West Virginia v. EPA decision was subject to a flight in the press on June 14 — which is very unusual — to try if possible to modify the vote before it becomes definitive (a administrative investigation is ongoing). Unable to legislate on the decarbonation of power plants because America, and therefore also the legislative power, are divided, President Barack Obama had authorized the federal agency to issue laws against coal plants. The judges decided at six against three that the EPA had no right to own legislative power. Just as they didn’t talk about the reason for abortion, they didn’t talk about the climate, but they made it clear that the Obama-Biden duo must pass by a Congress decision if it wants to limit CO2 emissions. The Court considers that Congress cannot abdicate, delegate its responsibility on major issues that affect the lives of American citizens such as CO2 emissions. Since major policies must be approved by representatives, the administration tries to legally impose its policy on the Capitol.
23143	15	This decision has caused many reactions and the activists on both sides of the Atlantic are not allowed to do so. Nathaniel Keohane, Chairman of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, manipulating information as all activists do, said that “the decision threatens to relegate the United States far behind our international partners who accelerate their efforts to comply with their climate commitments.”
23143	17	We will see at the end of this article that if there is acceleration, it concerns global CO2 emissions.
23143	19	The Wall Street Journal writes that the three “dissident judges regret that Congress does not have the necessary expertise to regulate technical issues such as climate change. In a bottom-page note, Judge Gorsuch notes the ‘diabolic’ character of Woodrow Wilson, a progressive critic of the Constitution and a founder of the administrative state, as believing in the government by experts because the people are foolish. The real problem of the dissidents is that the Constitution deliberately makes it difficult to adopt laws.”
23143	21	It could be argued that in the EU it is the legislator who decides on these very complex issues, but it must also be recognized that the European legislator has created chaos, as we will see below.
23143	23	The lawsuit was launched at the request of the state of West Virginia, which took the head of a coalition of 20 other Republican states and coal companies to challenge the abuse of power by environmental leaders who forced coal and gas producers to subsidize renewable energies. Ministries or agencies that take care of the environment are ecologist bastions that are there to “defence the cause”. I’ve experienced it in my professional life (read the excellent analysis of Philippe Silberzahn “When Experts Become Activists”).
23143	25	Environmental Experts
23143	27	On 30 June 2022, the European Court of Auditors published a report showing that the European Commission spent approximately one billion euros per year on external consultants between 2017 and 2020, the period during which the decarbonation policy Fit55 was designed. As regards the use of external consultants, the Court of Auditors found that “the use of these services, however, presents significant shortcomings, which create risks of excessive dependence and conflict of interests. The Commission has not adequately managed these risks and has provided only limited information on the use to consultants.” Oh, of course, all of these consultants are not necessarily ecologists, but if they dare not to dance as the politically correct sifflet, they would simply not have more contracts.
23143	29	Formerly, it was the services of the European Commission that mastered the expertise. The “Kinock Reform” (about 2000) has removed technical skills from the services and since then, expertise is secured by consultants and lobbies. This phenomenon is sublimated within the European Parliament. This results in increasingly complex decisions that, as we enter into technical issues, are not necessarily rational or balanced. The 2018 Directive amending the 2012 Energy Efficiency Directive contains 20 pages of amendments (in small characters) to the 2012 Directive, which contained 54 pages, 15 annexes and even a complex mathematical formula so difficult to write in text. There are currently 74 pages of legislation in the Official Journal of the EU to explain how to make energy efficiency...
23143	31	It is urgent and indispensable to return to a pragmatic realism, because the scale and bureaucratic cost of our efforts to reduce emissions are increasingly harmful to us. In the field of decarbonation (you’ll have noticed that we’re talking about less and less sustainable development) environmental NGOs are the most influential. It is enough to see the unlikely decision to ban thermal vehicles by 2035. While it is believed that the lobby of automotive manufacturers is all-powerful, it is in fact the green lobby that has imposed their will in the sector where Europe is leading. This failure is that the Stellantis group — 12 automotive brands — decided to leave the ACEA lobby, unable to defend its survival. We will not extend on the spineous issue of subsidies in Strasbourg and Brussels, where thousands of green lobbyists are paid through “projects”.
23143	33	Controlling carbon is controlling life.
23143	35	What should we conclude?
23143	37	We have entered an extremely complex world that can no longer be controlled so the implications are numerous and varied, with time scales and the same complex retroaction cracks. Let’s take the example of renewable energies: at first glance, a brilliant idea full of good sense, but after 49 years of technological promotion and 22 years of market manipulation, we are experiencing an energy crisis that hardly affects citizens and industry. The German wind farms will not be able to do anything to save the German chemical industry if Vladimir Putin decides not to supply Germany with natural gas which the plants are cruely needed to operate.
23143	39	It is urgent to stop this crazy race that leads to a disappointment of citizens for what has allowed us to live 70 years of peace. Instead of peace, we now have fear, poverty and lack of freedom. Since, as climate scientist Richard Lindzen said, “If you control carbon, you control life,” if the citizen doesn’t react, not only the EU will control every detail of our lives, but it will put us even more into uncertainty, the rest of the world will not be emitted by CO2 emissions. The data from BP’s Statistical Annual Review published this week show that global CO2 emissions have increased by 59% since the 1990 reference year, EU emissions have decreased by 27% and OECD emissions have increased by 135%. Our bureaucracy will never succeed in reducing global CO2 emissions. Coal consumption in China and India accounts for two-thirds of global consumption. The state of West Virginia will continue, thanks to the U.S. Supreme Court, to burn coal like the rest of the world... just like us if Vladimir Putin venge the European sanctions against Russia by cutting down Russian gas.
23129	1	Males alpha vs females beta
23129	3	Trump, Putin, Xi Jinping, Erdoğan, Bolsonaro... and many others... against... Biden, Trudeau, Macron, von der Leyen. What separates them? What makes them closer?
23129	5	To identify the general contours of the Alpha and Beta, it is easier to compare the results of France and Russia.
23129	7	GDP per capita is a relatively reliable measure of a country’s development. France is much lower than the U.S. but it is 1.56 times higher than Russia. The state will be able to take part of its GDP to meet its needs. The rate of compulsory withdrawals is approximately 45,0% of the GDP for France and is constantly increasing since the 1960s, it is among the world champions in the field. Russia carries somewhat more modest taxes (36.2%).
23129	9	The struggle for domination, whether it is relatively peaceful or extremely believable, is a universal constant of any organized society. The Alpha will inevitably fight the Beta simply because they are different.
23129	11	Russia's military spending is relatively twice as much as France's in proportion to GDP but remains comparable in absolute. The military service was abolished in France in 1997, it is mandatory in Russia for young people aged 18 to 27 and lasts two years.
23129	13	But what distinguishes France and Russia at the highest point is public debt. Every French “deeds” the order of $40,000 to the rest of the world, the Russians 20 times less.
23129	15	After a short but representative state of the places, what are the weapons of each of the fighters?
23129	17	Every leader strives to be as powerful as possible and to do so worries of training behind him the greatest possible part of the living forces of the people that he is supposed to lead. The Alpha will use coercion, the Beta the seduction.
23129	19	Russia has a president elected by a direct universal suffrage for six years. The legislative power is represented by the Douma consisting of 450 members elected by direct universal suffrage. Multiple electoral fraud has been denounced, the emergence of opposition forces is at least random, some notable activists have been murdered, others have suffered murder attempts, the Kremlin has a certain overtaking on television channels or private newspapers. At the beginning of his presidential term, Vladimir Putin showed his goal of establishing the “law dictatorship” and fighting the oligarch mafia. His presidency succeeded in an era of leaving under Boris Eltsine's edge. Russia has finally emerged economically and the economic and financial legislation has made substantial progress without developing a rule of law.
23129	21	France puts on feminism and the right of minorities, sufficiently substantially the homosexual minorities, to establish a consistency of the visible part of society, that of intellectuals, academics and the media, by relegating the popular classes to the dark accused of racism, homophobia or even if necessary of complotism or anti-Semitism. The character thought as a summary of popular elans allows to argue these accusations. Of course, the real decisions, those that belong to the economy, are not left in the hands of ‘those who are nothing,’ and docts of theories take them out of all visibility.
23129	23	The Beta take a clinging strategy to divide the potential forces of protest by flattering what some call the elites and disregarding others, the Alpha want to dominate the whole people by removing if necessary those they consider dangerous.
23129	25	The Beta are now very widespread winners in Europe, and to convince it is enough to consider the desire of almost all nations to join their community. It is undoubted that the installation of hierarchies and micro-cheffitudes contributes to the socio-economic development of a country. But the macro-economic system is also a considerable aid. The world of finance created virtual wealth from nothing, i.e. speculation, and the monetary mountains so created can allow the states to debt heavy: the Betas live heavy on credit, not the Alpha.
23129	27	Brutal force or seduction as a war weapon?
23129	29	While the peoples are often attracted by the attractions of the Beta, their leaders, who want to worry about their differences with others, are more shared. Following the opinions of the people, even if they actually reflect only their desires of immediate enjoyment, remove their reason of being to the powerful or at least to those who think of being, which can explain their discretion.
23129	31	The war between Russia and Ukraine makes it clearer between the allies of the Alpha and those of the Beta. Basically, the BETA group the United States and Europeans as a hard core. South America, Australia, and half of the African states do not approve the invasion but have not imposed any sanctions. More or less explicitly, the Alpha groups under the banner of Russia, China, India, part of the countries of the Maghreb, Iraq, Iran. While wealth prevails for the Beta, the populations and surfaces of the countries concerned are more balanced between the two camps.
23129	33	The analysis, necessarily summary and inevitably distorted despite certain efforts to avoid it, does not take into account the humanist or ideological values agitated by one and the other because they only intervene marginally when they arrange one or the other camp.
23144	1	Pap Ndiaye to National Education: Deconstruction and Hypocrisy
23145	1	Macron/Putin: What message will be delivered?
23145	3	by Karine Bechet-Golovko
23145	5	The meeting Putin/Macron, a week before the meeting of the German Chancellor with the Russian President also in Moscow, could have made hope for a good sense, or at least instinct of survival, of our European leaders. Unfortunately, there are great chances that they will only be used by the United States as resonance boxes, a speech they don’t build. And their briefing by the White House before their “diplomatic” Moscow tour tends to confirm it.
23145	7	Macron arrives in Moscow today to discuss with Putin the situation in Ukraine and, as the entire French press writes, to lead Putin to the de-escalation. This is on the background of a French presidential campaign, in which the macro figure is largely trapped by the management, both liberticid and corrupt, of the Covidian crisis. Not to forget the military escalation caused by the Ukrainian army on the front.
23145	9	Before his trip, Macron continued to repeat that France will take terrible measures against Russia with the West if it invades Ukraine – reiterating the Atlantic speech, which does not even consider the possibility that Russia does not want to “invasion” Ukraine.
23145	11	Yesterday again, Macron had a telephone interview with Biden, as Reuters reveals, although the French press is much more discreet on the topic...
23145	13	“The call, which lasted 40 minutes, allowed the two leaders to “share information about the contacts taken during the weekend” in order for a good coordination before the trip, the French presidency said.
23145	15	In a week, it is the turn of the German Chancellor to come to Moscow. And without a big surprise, he will also be briefed by Biden before his meeting with Putin:
23145	17	The two leaders will mention in particular “their joint commitment to pursue the diplomatic path and to join their efforts to dissuade Russia from any aggression against Ukraine,” U.S. President’s spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement.
23145	19	“This visit will be an opportunity to confirm the deep and strong ties between the United States and Germany,” she said.
23145	21	I feel like I’m watching a show of marionettes.
23145	23	If Europe and Russia really have a map to play to regulate the situation in Ukraine, as we wrote (see our text here), it is not this way. The most important thing is not the fact of travel, but the message delivered. If France can only deliver the Atlantic message, not only this journey will be useless, but it will hurt the image of our country.
23147	1	Viktor Orban supports Marine Le Pen at Reims meeting
23147	3	Good news for Marine Le Pen. While several leaders of his party have recently joined Eric Zemmour, parasiting his campaign, the National Assembly candidate will be officially supported by Viktor Orban from his first major campaign meeting in Reims.
23147	5	According to information from France info, confirmed by BFMTV.com, the Hungarian Prime Minister will take the speech in a video on Saturday broadcast a few minutes before the deputies arrived on stage.
23147	7	Signs of proximity for months
23147	9	This support was expected since his trip to Budapest last October. If Eric Zemmour had also visited Hungary a few days earlier, the atmosphere was completely different. While the former Figaro journalist had only the right to a private interview without an official photo, Marine Le Pen had seen herself performing the red carpet, holding a joint speech with the Hungarian head of state.
23147	11	France and Hungary met again last weekend in Madrid for a summit of European nationalist conservatives. Parasitized by the statements of the European deputy Nicolas Bay, who seemed to hesitate between Eric Zemmour and the RN, the meeting allowed Viktor Orban to renew his support again.
23147	13	A Hungarian bank has also agreed to borrow 10.6 million euros to the party. It’s a real fresh air but, very debtful, the major state was so far forced to conduct a low-cost campaign.
23147	15	Implementing its international position
23147	17	"This remote speech also leaves the candidate hoping for the constitution of a common group in the European Parliament ""maybe in the coming months"". The RN had failed to form a group of all eurosceptics after the last European elections and is currently sitting only with eight other countries."
23147	19	Other European politicians should take the speech according to our information, like André Ventura, a populist candidate for the Portuguese presidential election in January last year.
23147	21	A real opportunity for Marine Le Pen to work on her international stature and to get out of her isolation on the foreign scene. In 2017, traveling to New York, she had tried to meet Donald Trump, without success. Only Lebanese President Michel Aoun had agreed to receive her during the last presidential campaign.
23149	1	Even abroad, Le Pen is caught by the subject of departure to Zemmour
23149	3	Politics in Spain? In a visit to Madrid to show her international status alongside her European allies, Marine Le Pen is inevitably trapped by the current difficulties of her campaign in France, between defections and threats of new “trahits.”
23149	5	“In general, those who want to leave leave, but they leave now,” she thus launched, on Saturday 29 January, to journalists who made the move in the Spanish capital, as you can see below, before adding: “What is insupportable is taqîya (a concept in the Muslim religion recommending to hide its belief in case of danger NDLR), which they blame themselves to Islamists. It is a disguise.”
23149	7	A strong warning, the day after the statements of his grandmother Marion Maréchal who said to look rather on the side of his rival Eric Zemmour, towards those who would like to imitate the MPs RN Jérôme Rivière and Gilbert Collard, who have already “franged the Rubicon”.
23149	9	Nicolas Bay is in trouble.
23149	11	Asked exactly about the case of Nicolas Bay, the eurodeputate who accompanies her in Madrid but refused, Saturday morning, to say if he would support her until the end, Marine Le Pen said that her comment applies “generally” to all those who would want to leave her.
23149	13	“To have people who, today, make it like to be here, while in reality, their heart or mind is elsewhere, it’s unbearable.” – Marine Le Pen
23149	15	“To have people who, today, make it appear to be here, while in reality, their heart or their mind is elsewhere, it is insupportable,” she again replied, on the edge of a meeting with the oils of the European extreme right, adding: “It is a total lack of dignity, of respect toward all of our activists who fight, they, with conviction, with heart and courage.”
23149	17	A few hours earlier, Nicolas Bay, cited among those tempted to join Eric Zemmour, touched on his unconditional support to the candidate of the RN, explaining working on “a project that far exceeds these small political peripetties.”
23149	19	A form of retention that caused ruins within the lepenist delegation in Madrid. Caroline Parmentier, Marine Le Pen’s news agency, has truly blamed EU member Nicolas Bay for her attitude. “I said to him, ‘Good for your duplex this morning, Nicolas. What are your values? The loyalty? There are limits to hypocrisy and duplicity,” she told AFP, confirming BFMTV’s information about these tensions. “Back yourself now instead of eating as long as possible at the sandwich,” she added.
23149	21	Viktor Orban votes for Marine Le Pen
23149	23	In this uncertain context, the message that Marine Le Pen wants to send to Madrid will be disturbed. The patron of the National Assembly met her sovereignist allies, including Polish leaders Mateusz Morawiecki and Hungarian Viktor Orban, almost two months after a similar meeting in Warsaw.
23149	25	He also clearly showed his support this Saturday morning, while he had taken care of receiving Eric Zemmour and Marine Le Pen in Budapest by the end of 2021. “I hope the French will choose someone who defends the family, the Christianity and opens migrations,” said Viktor Orban, according to a LCI journalist present in Madrid, on the edge of a head-to-head meeting with the French deputy, adding: “Marine Le Pen is this kind of leader, (...) she is very respected in Hungary.”
23149	27	A good way, for the candidate of the RN, to strengthen her international status and credibility on her ability to access power, while she has (finally) received a loan of €10.6 million from a European bank to be able to run her presidential campaign. It remains only to dissolve internal doubts and avoid the saga of defections in France.
2315	1	Republicans call for action against Russia
2315	3	The bombs of war resonate in Washington, and the Republicans are among the most enthusiastic supporters of the military action. Some suggest with enthusiasm, almost with jubilation, to risk a nuclear war.
2315	5	It was no longer the party of Ronald Reagan, who sought to prevent conflicts and especially nuclear conflicts. Not the former Republicans. In his 1976 vice-president race, Kansas Senator Robert Dole denounced the “20th Century Democratic Wars.” The Democratic presidents led America into the First World War, the Second World War, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. Retrospectively, only the Second World War seems necessary, and even there, the conduct of the democratic administration before the war, whatever its justification, was misleading and imprudent.
2315	7	Today, the most dangerous place on the planet might be Ukraine. Despite Washington’s tremendous arrogance that led successive administrations to lie and extend NATO to the borders of Russia, to dismantle Serbia, to put on stage multiple “colored revolutions” and to promise membership in the alliance of Ukraine and Georgia, the GOP legislators press for a direct confrontation with Russia. Most people want to send weapons. For example, Republican Mike Turner (R-Ohio) and 14 of his colleagues wrote a letter asking President Joe Biden to provide intelligence and weapons to Ukraine.
2315	9	Some people recommend sending troops. In a letter to Republican Mike Rodgers (R-Al), Turner also recommended that the administration “deploys a U.S. military presence in the Black Sea to dissuade a Russian invasion.” Senator Roger Wicker (R-Miss) would go much further, proposing a “military action” which, he explains, “will mean that we stay away with our ships in the Black Sea, and that we make rain the destruction on the Russian military capacity. “This could mean that we are participating, and I don’t exclude it, I don’t exclude the presence of American troops on the ground. We do not exclude nuclear action in first instance. »
2315	11	Wicker published a statement saying: “President Biden should clarify that there is no scenario in which Ukraine would be invaded by Russia, the final point. Putin is already exposed to a blood bath if he attacks Ukrainian troops. President Biden should raise the auctions by warning him that an invasion would expose him to an intolerably high number of Russian victims. This means that you have to leave all the options on the table and do not give any concessions. »
2315	13	Per Wicker assumes that Putin will retreat in the face of such threats. However, Ukraine accounts much more for Russia and the latter enjoys a local military superiority. The “blood bath” Wicker would enthusiastically impose on Moscow would also consume American and Ukrainian lives.
2315	15	Similarly irrational was Senator Lindsey Graham’s support for the nuclear war against North Korea in 2017. For a long time, John McCain's faithful acolyte, Graham has gravitated around Donald Trump, to whom the senator has offered a ostentatory servitude. This seems to include the fact of supporting the nuclear war. Speaking of South Korea, Graham explained: “If there must be a war to stop [Kim Jong-un], it will be there. If thousands of people die, they will die there. They won’t die here. Graham added: “And that can be provocative, but not really. When you are President of the United States, where is your loyalty? to the people of the United States. »
2315	17	Graham’s war would lead to hundreds of thousands, or more likely, millions of deaths. Many of them would be Americans. The Republic of Korea is home to a major U.S. population, including military personnel, students and business men and women. In case of war, the U.S. forces would rush to fight North Korean ground forces. American citizens would die in mass. And the balance between South and North Korea would be much heavier. When the Clinton administration was considering a military action against the North, some analysts predicted a million deaths in a total war.
23150	3	Jean-Luc Mélenchon responded to Emmanuel Macron's first statement after the first round of the parliamentary elections on Tuesday. He summarized this statement into a “sketch to Trump.”
23150	5	"After Emmanuel Macron's declaration in front of his plane on the point of departure, Jean-Luc Mélenchon called the intervention a ""sketch to Trump"". “Macron is flowing. In the elections, except for those over 60 years old. In the surveys and in the authority on its own, the flag is in berne,” he wrote on his site. “I hardly dare to say that it is heating, given the temperature. This sketch to Trump to warn against the enemy inside is a symbol of an era,” he said."
23150	7	Emmanuel Macron called on Tuesday afternoon to “give him a solid majority”, which is essential for the implementation of his programme for which he was elected. He said “the highest interests of the nation.” He summarized this call with the request of a “Republican shuttle” from the Tarmac of Orly Airport.
23150	9	“A kind of panic that wins Macron,” says Julien Bayou
23150	11	EELV Secretary-General Julien Bayou also took the speech and mentioned “a kind of panic that wins Macronia.” He repeated again that “Emmanuel Macron’s mandate has not convinced” and that he had been “reelected by default.”
23150	13	"The ecologist said it was ""really dangerous that the president eventually could say that if he was defeated, it is the Republic that is defeated. There is something very arrogant, very Jupiter.” “It happens to lose elections, and if clearly LREM is defeated on Sunday, it will only be a defeat,” he added. But for Julien Bayou, a defeat of the presidential coalition Ensemble would rather be “a good news” “for wages, public services, climate.”"
23151	1	The Macron-Putin duo, between strength and pragmatism
23151	3	With Donald Trump, Emmanuel Macron has chosen the register of virile friendship, that of endless hands, great smile and compliments. The French president has a completely different relationship with Vladimir Putin, which he met on Thursday in St. Petersburg. The relationship between these two is permanent. What pushes them one to the other is first the pragmatism of Emmanuel Macron, who wants to maintain a dialogue with Moscow despite the many friction points that remain. But also a certain form of respect for a head of state that resembles him in several aspects.
23151	5	“I respect him. I know him. I am lucid.” Emmanuel Macron delivered his feelings about Vladimir Putin without delay to Fox News on April 22. “He’s a very strong man, a strong president,” he told the U.S. television channel. “He’s strong and intelligent, but he’s not naive. I respect him. I know him. I am lucid.” A lucidity that must allow, according to Elisee at the JDD, to “build” a true French-Russian relationship while keeping “the eyes open”. On the files that oppose them, such as Syria, Ukraine or the murder of former spy Skripal in the UK, as well as their deep political disagreements (the two have a different vision of what a democracy should be), Emmanuel Macron strives not to stop any discussion with his counterpart. On Thursday, the French president will also have the advantage of being able to find a ground of agreement with Vladimir Putin on the U.S. withdrawal from the Iranian agreement, which both refuse.
23151	7	Two countries want to regain their greatness. Emmanuel Macron refuses to consider the breakdown with Russia as an option. “I want to arrange Russia to Europe and not let it go back on itself,” he explained to the JDD in early May. This pure pragmatism doubles with a certain form of respect for Vladimir Putin and his country. “It was marked by the humiliation born of the events around the fall of the Berlin Wall and the USSR and experienced this period as a wound for its people,” Emmanuel Macron said. “Putin has the dream of returning his greatness to Russia.”
23151	9	“I think Macron and Putin can agree very well. Both are very cultivated, they love history.”
23151	11	It is therefore not surprising that the French head of state seeks to establish links with his counterpart by exalting the history of France. When he had received it, shortly after his election, it was in Versailles that he had welcomed it in great pump, as to remind Vladimir Putin that France, too, was great and would like to return.
23151	13	“Macron and Putin can agree.” So if there are common points between France and Russia on which the French president can play, there is also between the two leaders. “They resemble the desire to regain the relationship to political leaders and to enter into a long period of their history,” said Michel Eltchaninoff, Russian philosopher and expert at AFP. Alexander Orlov, the former Russian ambassador to France, also sees some convergences. “I think Macron and Putin can agree very well. Both are very cultivated, they love history,” he told AFP. “It would be quite normal that Macron has a better relationship with Putin than Trump, which are two completely different types. Trump is a little cultivated, violent, brutal man.”
23151	15	"“Never show weaknesses to Putin.” It remains that Putin, for the moment, sees Macron as ""the representative of a collective West,"" a Russian diplomat notes in Le Monde. From there to consider it only as a vassal of the United States, there is only one step, which is easily passed in Moscow. This is why the firmness shown by the French president, who did not hesitate to openly criticize before his counterpart the French antennas of the RT and Sputnik media, funded by the Kremlin. ""We should never show weaknesses against Putin,"" Emmanuel Macron warned when he was interrogated by Fox News. “When you are weak, it is useful.” This explains that the head of state has always preferred muscular, but frank exchanges with the Russian president, rather than a overplayed friendship like that he shows with Donald Trump."
23153	1	The gas inflation crisis is far from being ended – where will the prices finally stop?
23153	3	After a single rise in the Federal Reserve rates of 75 base points, I notice a tendency among traditional economists to get out their crystal ball and predict a almost immediate return to deflationist conditions. According to them, a recession will “balance everything.” I would suggest most of these people to keep their crystal ball in their pants; they have constantly mistaken and it’s time for them to silence. If you predict that inflation would be “transitional” last year, you have no right to behave like an economist today.
23153	5	It will take much more than a semi-aggressive rise in the central bank’s rates to end the problem of inflation, and when I say “inflation”, I speak of PRICE INFLATION, not of a simple increase in monetary mass or a bull on the stock markets. There are too many financial analysts who don’t even realize what the real inflation is.
23153	7	Some sectors of the economy will actually experience deflationist pressures. The real GDP, for example, is falling. Retail sales are falling. U.S. wages are stagnating compared to prices. The sales of housing are in free fall. The manufacturing industry is falling. However, the prices remain high. It is clear that there is a mix of inflationist and deflationist elements within the same economic crisis. In other words, it is a stagnation.
23153	9	Energy is a field where prices continue to rise without too much rest. The dominant media almost entirely attributes this situation to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the evolution of sanctions against Russian oil and natural gas. However, gas prices were already rising long before Russia invaded Ukraine. Inflation in the entire economy has reached its highest level in 40 years long before Ukraine becomes a problem, as the Federal Reserve President Jerome Powell finally admitted last week.
23153	11	Don’t claim that we don’t know the cause of all this. It is caused by the Federal Reserve's credit printing since 2008, and central banks in general are the guilty. Banks can finance or refuse to finance what they want. Government politicians play their role in creating inflation by asking for money, but it is the Fed who decides whether it creates the money. The government has no power to dictate its policy to the Fed; as Alan Greenspan once admitted, the Fed does not respond to anyone.
23153	13	The central bank could print up to the end of time if it wanted, and that’s essentially what it did. That is said, our current crisis contains other elements than the excess of dollars. There is also a question of disturbances in the supply chain.
23153	15	I especially remember the stagnation threat that occurred in the 1970s. The oil crisis and stagflation of the late 1970s took place just before I was born, so I can obviously not directly realize what it was, but when I study the events that preceded it, I find many similarities with the situation we are facing today. However, the crisis that is currently developing has the potential to become much worse.
23153	17	In the early 1970s, Richard Nixon, at the request of central bankers, pulled the dollar from the last remains of the gold standard. The central banks have abandoned gold as the main exchange mechanism between governments and have begun to turn toward the IMF’s special draw fees, the currency basket system. As expected, the dollar immediately started a spiral and its purchasing power began to collapse. Stagnation has become a concern for households throughout the 1970s.
23153	19	This problem ended up mitigating with the increase in the status of the global dollar reserve. In fact, we exported a large part of our dollars abroad to use them in global trade and, by extension, we also exported a large part of our inflation/stagnation. As long as the dollar remained the first reserve currency, most of the consequences of the central banks’ trusting impression were not felt by the general public. In terms of petrol, the dollar has been the petroleum currency for decades, which allowed us to keep prices in the United States at a lower level than in many countries.
23153	21	But things are changing. The share of the dollar in global trade has decreased for several years, and the Fed continues to create green bills from nothing. Only in 2020, the Fed has conjured $6 billion to feed the stimulating response to the Covid crisis, injecting all that money directly into the system through Covid checks and PPP loans. To continue this process, the percentage of global trade in the dollar should continue to grow in order to export U.S. inflation abroad. This is not the case. The share of the dollar in global trade is reversing.
23153	23	We have to deal with the end of a cycle that began in the 1970s. Let’s go back to the initial problem.
23153	25	In addition, the gas crisis of the late 1970s and early 1980s was also caused by the Iranian revolution and the withdrawal of Iranian oil supplies from the world market. This situation led to a loss of approximately 7% of the total oil markets, but it led to gas prices, which rose from 65 cents in 1978 to $1.35 in 1981. The prices have more than doubled over the course of three years and have never returned to their level before the crisis.
23153	27	As in the late 1970s, we also have a supply chain problem with an OPEC country. Russia's share in global oil production was about 10 percent in 2020, but this country is the second largest oil exporter in the world. Only 3% of the oil imported to the United States comes from Russia, but Europe depends on Russia for about 25% of its total oil consumption.
23153	29	The EU is supposed to cut this oil supply, although questions arise regarding the lacunes and the amount of Russian oil that is still actually supplied to the European nations. With the continuation of the sanctions, the EU will have to turn to other exporters to get what it needs, reducing the amount of oil available to the Western countries. The Russians have just adapted and now sell more low-cost oil to major Eastern markets such as China and India. But for the rest of us, Europe’s oil thirst will continue to cause prices to rise as supply decreases.
23153	31	So where does that lead us? Our situation is similar to the gas crisis of the late 1970s, as we face a permanent stagnation, a weakening currency, and a major economic conflict with an OPEC producer [OPEC+ in fact with Russia, NdT]. That is said, the situation is significantly worse than in the 1970s for several reasons, including the fact that our country is much more debt, that foreign assets in dollars and currencies are falling, and that the conflict with Russia is much more serious than our problems with Iran in the 1970s.
23153	33	I think we will see an increase of at least 300% of the fuel price compared to the lowest level achieved before the pandemic, which was about $2.60 per gallon for ordinary fuel. In other words, prices will continue to rise during this year and will stabilize around $7.50 per gallon by the second quarter of 2023. I am based on the pace of price rise on the one that took place between 1979 and 1981.
23153	35	Obviously there will be holes and pauses on the market, but it is unlikely that we will see a spectacular drop in the pump prices in the near future. Public media will stop predicting when inflation will stop and many experts will say that the Fed will soon surrender on the rates. All these clamers will affect the oil markets to a certain point, but prices will continue to rise anyway.
23153	37	Some will say that the decline in demand will stop the rise in prices, but the problem of stagnation does not only turn around demand, there are many other factors on the game. Unless we see a decline in demand similar to that we knew at the beginning of the pandemic confinements, there is little chance that there will be a significant reversal.
23153	39	Furthermore, for all those who hope that the US shield areas or the OPEC will take the relay of Russia, this won’t happen. Oil industry experts have already noted that due to inflation and lack of labour, there will be no major increase in oil pumping and therefore the shortages will continue for a certain period of time.
23153	41	What does this mean for the economy in general? The inflation of primary-need products such as gasoline means an implosion of retail trade. People will turn away funds from other purchases to cover the cost of fuel and energy. Cheap fuel also means high cargo rates, which means higher prices for the rest on the shelves of the stores. The high fuel price will also lead to the bankruptcy or closure of small transport companies, as well as much higher interest rates established by the Fed. My own grandfather lost his truck and transport business in the 1970s for this precise reason.
23153	43	In turn, fewer cargo means fewer supply, which in turn means higher prices over everything. This is a terrible cycle. The fact is that you have to wait for the fuel prices to remain very high (up to $7 per gallon) during the next year, and this will affect ALL the rest in terms of portfolio and life. Do not pay too much attention to people who claim that deflation is on the way; this is not the case for the prices of first-need products.
23153	45	In the end, the absence of demand will slow down the price rise, but not before we have exceeded the current national average of $5 per gallon. And if you live in a state where fuel taxes are high, like California, prepare yourself for two-digit expenses on the pump.
23155	1	Mike Pompeo's Discourse on the Nature of the American Empire (Caitlin Johnstone)
23155	3	Pompeo is “Distinguished Fellow” at the Hudson Institute while waiting for the turning door of Washington’s marriage to allow him to find a post within the federal government. The Hudson Institute is a neoconservative thought group that presents a high degree of leadership with the sadly famous Project for the New American Century and its war architects in Iraq, and that spends a large part of its time making support from the Beltway for balistic programs against Iran. It was founded in 1961 with the help of a cold warrior named Herman Kahn, whose enthusiastic support for the idea that the United States can win a nuclear war with the Soviet Union would have inspired the film Dr Strangelove.
23155	5	A think tank is an institution where academics are paid by the worst people in the world to find explanations on the reasons why it would be good and intelligent to do something bad and stupid, which are then presented to key media and government influence points. The term “think tank” is a good term for designating these institutions, because they are dedicated to the control of what people think, and because they are artificial enclosures for visqueous creatures.
23155	7	Pompeo's speech is a long rimjob for the military-industrial complex that uses it indirectly. He continues to sing the praises of the weapons that are thrown out in Ukraine, including two namely: the Patriot missile produced by Raytheon and the Javelin missile produced jointly by Raytheon and Lockheed Martin, who are both important donors of funds from the Hudson Institute. He repeatedly denounces the “disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan” and accuses the Biden administration of not controlling the world’s fossil fuels sufficiently aggressively in its efforts to “prestate itself before the radicals.”
23155	9	Pompeo, easily ranked among the most fanatic imperialists on the whole planet, declares in a ridiculous way that “China’s Belt and Road initiative is a form of imperialism. He describes a “genocide” in Xinjiang and repeats that China has deliberately released the Covid-19 to the world, calling it “the world pandemic induced by China. He has repeatedly stated that Vladimir Putin is trying to restore the Soviet Union.
23155	11	"While praising the NATO and the various anti-China alliances in the Indo-Pacific region, Pompeo describes “Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan” as “the three phares of freedom” that these alliances must strive to support militarily. You will notice that these three ""lights"" are the hotest points in the geostrategic conflict with the three major opponents of the American Empire: Russia, Iran and China."
23155	13	But there are two or three things Pompeo says that are really interesting.
23155	15	“By helping Ukraine, we prevented the creation of a Russian-Chinese axis determined to exercise a military and economic hegemony in Europe, Asia and the Middle East,” Pompeo said.
23155	17	“We must prevent the formation of a Pan-Ukrainian colossal incorporating Russia, but led by China,” he added. “For this, we need to strengthen NATO, and we see that nothing is opposed to Finland and Sweden’s entry into this organization. »
23155	19	That’s what we are talking about in today’s major international news. Based on all the small reports about the conflicts with nations such as Russia, China and Iran, there is a continued story about the American power alliance that tries to secure global domination by working continuously to subvert any nation that refuses to align with it, and on the nations that oppose this campaign by working against it with an increasing intimity.
23155	21	This is the whole subject of the Russian hystery since 2016. That’s all that were the foolish and hypocritic crying on Taiwan, Xinjiang and Hong Kong. This is all that the histories on human rights in Iran, Syria, North Korea, Venezuela, Bolivia, Nicaragua and Cuba have represented. It was about making an international consent for an increasingly dangerous campaign aimed at ensuring at any cost a unipolar world hegemony.
23155	23	It is worth remembering that NATO first identifies China as a threat due to its alignment with Russia and that NATO Secretary-General admits that NATO is preparing for a conflict with Russia since 2014. It should be remembered that, since the fall of the Soviet Union, the United States has established a policy aimed at preventing the rise of any rival superpower and rejecting any serious challenge to their planetary domination. It is worth remembering that in 1997, the precurator of the U.S. Space Force committed to working for a “complete spectrum domination”, i.e. military control of the land, the sea, the air and space.
23155	25	People like to talk about secret conspirations led by shadow cabals to establish a single world government, but what is far from the most tangible and imminent world domination program has been orchestrated in the great day. The U.S. government has long sought to unite the world under a single power structure, regardless of the violence and devastation it has to inflict on humanity and regardless of the nuclear threat it has to engage in order to it.
23155	27	It is the American Empire that supports corrupt psychopaths like Mike Pompeo. A structure of power that leads continuous wars to maintain peace, that continuously oppresses the peoples around the world to protect freedom, and that threatens nuclear war by increasingly tertiary attacks to save the world.
23155	29	Translation of CaitlinJohnstone.com by Aube Digital
23156	2	The UK has confirmed the launch of a new training program for thousands of Ukrainian soldiers on its ground, which must last at least several weeks for each lot of recruits.
23156	4	Although Britain has been one of the first countries to carry out significant weapons supplies to Kiev in the days and weeks following the Russian invasion of the country on February 24, the details of the extent of this new training program make the nature of war by procurement of the conflict pass to a completely different level – although Western officials have long rejected the war label by procurement. On Saturday, the Guardian gave details on the basis of the Ministry of Defense statements:
23156	6	Up to 10,000 Ukrainian soldiers will arrive in the UK for a specialized military training of several weeks. The first cohorte met with Defense Secretary Ben Wallace on Thursday, the Defense Ministry (MoD) confirmed.
23156	8	This ambitious program is considered the next phase of London’s support to Ukraine, at a tumultuous moment when Boris Johnson is on leaving, after he resigned from his post as Prime Minister. It is well known that Britain and the United States have already trained thousands of Ukrainian soldiers in the previous years, since 2014 and the beginning of the Donbass conflict.
23156	10	Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said: “Using the world-class expertise of the British army, we will help Ukraine reconstruct its forces and intensify its resistance while it defends its country’s sovereignty and its right to choose its own future. »
23156	12	A detail that highlights the enormous and unprecedented scale of the program is the number of British soldiers, including many special forces, who will be needed to monitor the training of the Ukrainians. This is after the United Kingdom has already paid £2.3 billion of aid to Ukrainian defense forces since the beginning of the war.
23156	14	“About 1,050 British soldiers are deployed to manage the program, which will take place on four unrevealed sites of the Ministry of Defense in the northwest, southwest and southeast of the UK,” the Guardian reveals.
23156	16	Defense Chief, Benn Wallace, visits a training site:
23156	18	It is also interesting to note that the Ukrainians are largely volunteers who do not have any formal military training in advance, which strongly suggests an increasing concern and alarm about the pace of losses of Ukrainian troops, after Kiev officials admitted a month ago that they lost about 200 people a day as part of the Russian attack.
23156	20	“The training will provide volunteer recruits with little or no military experience with the necessary skills to be effective in first-line combat,” the Guardian report further details. Based on the basic training of British soldiers, the course covers weapons handling, first-help on the battlefield, field maneuver, patrol tactics and armed conflict law. »
23156	22	Despite the fact that Moscow sees this as an enormous provocation and an escalation of British involvement in the war, the British Defence Ministry is surprisingly open and shocked about the training, calling even the teams of journalists to film a part of it in a secret place:
23156	24	This first group of Ukrainian fighters would have arrived in the United Kingdom a few days ago, at a time when Ukrainian forces seem to slowly retire in the Donbass – and now that the province of Lougansk is fully under Russian control – the front lines are constantly piloned by the Russian top artillery.
23156	26	U.S. and British officials have recently launched provocative calls for a “insurrection” in the parts of Ukraine occupied by Russia, in the east. For example, last Thursday, U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) visited the Ukrainian capital and met with President Zelensky. Blumenthal said he hoped to see a “body-to-body insurrection” in the territory that Russia captured.
23156	28	“The long-range artillery is very, very important. But the body-to-body insurrection that we hope to see in the east of Ukraine, in the territory that has already been occupied by the Russians, is the same,” Blumenthal said. In the light of the new revelations by the British Defence Ministry on the extent of its training program in Ukraine, a central question remains: Is this new large-scale training program hosted in Britain preparing to feed such an insurrection scenario? Given the nature of the program’s “voluntary fighter”, it seems that yes.
23156	30	Currently, the United States is hosting a much more modest programme focused on the complementary training of Ukrainian officers: “The United States has also provided the training of the Ukrainian army, with senior officers studying at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas,” the Guardian notes. The majority of the Pentagon’s training efforts have so far been concentrated in Poland or other neighboring NATO countries. However, it is possible, or even likely, that U.S. intelligence agencies such as the CIA carry out larger clandestine programs on U.S. ground or in Europe.
23158	3	At the NATO summit, the U.S. President was questioned about high fuel prices in the U.S. and around the world. This will last until the United States has achieved its goal in Ukraine. After the NATO summit in Madrid on June 30, U.S. President Joe Biden was interrogated at a press conference on the record price rise observed in the U.S. and in many countries, related to the effects of the conflict in Ukraine.
23158	5	Jim Tankersley, a New York Times correspondent, said: “The war has made the prices rise, they could rise up to $200 per barrel, according to some analysts. “How long is it right to expect American and worldwide drivers to pay this increase for this war?” “As long as it will take for Russia to not actually be able to defeat Ukraine,” Joe Biden replied. And, while the gas has reached a historic record near $5 (4.80 euros) for a gallon (3.79 liters), the president tried to explain his bill of reduction of fuel taxes that could make the price to the pump fall by about $1 per gallon: “If we do these things [...] if the Congress agreed and the States agreed, we could make the price of the oil fall by about $1 per gallon to the pump, in this range. And so we could have an immediate relief in terms of reducing the temporary elimination of the fuel tax.” Then he added, quoted by the U.S. energy reference site oilprice.com: “And so, I think there are a lot of things we can do, and we will do it, but in the end, the reason why the fuel prices are rising is because of Russia. Russia, Russia and Russia!”
23159	1	Ukraine/European Union: toward a European geopolitical suicide
23159	3	Beyond the harmful effects of sanctions against Russia on the European economies, the EU’s emotional and ideological position about the war in Ukraine is above all a real geostrategic disaster, Roland Lombardi says. There is no need to go back on the devastating boomerang effect for its own economy, the sanctions voted by the European Union against Russia. They have not stopped the Ukrainian conflict or weakened Vladimir Putin. Instead, they strengthen it. Worse, they worsen the socio-economic crises in Europe, which are now added to a gas deficiency and a sustainable energy crisis whose European peoples are already the first and main victims. In the end, the Pavlovian alignment of the Europeans on Otanian war logic and their irresponsible and chaotic economic war against Russia pushes the Old Continent to a disaster. With this Gribouille policy, the EU already loses one of its main trade partners.
23159	4	Furthermore, by removing diplomacy and taking action and cause for the Ukrainian government, while activating for the integration of new, more neutral countries, such as Finland and Sweden within the Atlantic organization and above all by granting the official candidate status of Ukraine, and Moldova, for the entry into the Union, a process that is uncertain to, the geostrategic breakdown with Russia is consumed. This is contrary to good sense and any reasonable geopolitical vision.
23159	6	The famous Chinese general Sun Tzu already wrote in the 6th century BC: “In the affairs of a state, one never undertakes an action that does not meet the interests of his country.” Later, Richelieu, the inventor of the expression “state reason,” invited us to always make the difference between private morality and public morality. Foreign policy must be strictly based on “the calculation of forces and national interests,” as Henry Kissinger, the father of modern Realpolitik, recalled. In the end, the states must remain “cold monsters”. But whether we like it or not, Ukraine has no vital interest in Europe. The Nord Stream 1 and especially the Nord Stream 2 gas pipelines were stopped at the beginning of the conflict! It was intended to double the capacity of gas transportation to Europe by circumventing Ukraine, so far the traditional transit country. Let us never forget that the United States has been largely responsible for the current situation for 25 years. Henry Kissinger always reminded: “We have not made any serious efforts to associate Russia with a new security architecture in Europe.” Washington never really sought to take advantage, at the beginning of the 2000s and during its first mandates, of Vladimir Putin’s dispositions to open itself to Europe and the West. The Russian president even thought, at that time, to join the Atlantic Alliance with the hope of a re-definition of the role of NATO or by creating “a new entity in which Russia would become an equal partner.” Instead, the shadow of the democratic and viscerally anti-Russian thinker Brzeziński and neoconservatives will always plan on the U.S. policy towards Moscow. The oral promises about the non-expansion to the east of NATO have been scattered. And ten Eastern European countries will join the Alliance, thus bringing its bases and troops to the current borders of Russia, which legitimately sees this as a provocation and a manifest will of enclosure.
23159	8	"Therefore, the U.S. strategy is clear: multipliing new customers for its powerful military-industrial complex as European countries prefer U.S. protection and buy U.S. equipment rather than European (and French in this case!) and to make Russia the ideal crocodile in order to prevent, at any cost, an eventual “alliance” between a “Europe of Nations” and Russia (“from Brest to Vladivostok”), which would then be a much greater threat than China to the United States and their global hegemony. Russia is not an existential danger for Europeans. Today, for the Europeans, Putin is Hitler, as we see the Atlantic propaganda. This comparison is ridiculous. Hitler wanted to impose his ideology on the world (as the communists elsewhere). He wanted to create a Nazi Europe and had a conquest policy for his “vival space.” Today’s Russia has nothing to do with yesterday’s USSR, which also had views on Western Europe. Putin, he, has no ideology to inflict or vital space to conquer. He himself has stated, and this repeatedly, that between Moscow and Vladivostok, there were 9,000 kilometers and that Russia had other plans than to invade the Baltic countries (members of NATO in addition!and Let us be serious! We are no longer at the time of great conquests and great invasions. The Soviet Union also knew the price to pay during an occupation of a third and hostile country as in Afghanistan. The Ukrainian case, even though the Russians have shown in recent weeks that they have learned from their initial mistakes and that they have successfully re-updated and re-adapted their strategy in the east of the country has surely had warmed more than ever the Kremlin about this kind of adventure... Of course, the propaganda and soft power of the Russians have always been very active but the Kremlin is in its role and seeks only to find commercial partners or even new customers in the economic and Roman sense... Finally, as the Western or Chinese! As the serious geostrategies, not subject to the Atlantic doxa, remind Russia could nevertheless become a partner or even a valuable ally in the face of the real geopolitical challenges of Europe and the immense challenges of tomorrow in the Mediterranean, the most important border of the Old Continent, and thus in Africa or the Middle East. In fact, Europeans don’t know how to define the real enemy. This is a fatal mistake in international relations. But there are four real and major geopolitical dangers that threaten Europe: China, which by its predatory economic hegemony threatens our independence and our industrial sovereignty (we saw it with the pandemic), migration crises and Islamism, which threaten from within the cohesion of European societies, and finally, the progressive ideology and all its faults (acculturation, wokism...), which, it, dangerously accents the gap between the European peoples and their elites. However, the European leaders are still in denial and still prefer to take to Putin’s Russia that they execute for ideological and moral reasons, at the expense of the Realpolitik. By sacrificing their own security, strategic, energy and economic interests. In his time and rightly, Jean-Pierre Chevénement, in a pure Gaullist vision, had defended a relative European energy dependence on Russia which would then have saved us from another, more perverse dependence on the much more hostile countries and to which we are now devastating (Algeria, Qatar, Azerbaijan...) in our desperate search for an alternative to Russian gas! Europeans quickly forgot the objective but effective alliance of the Russians against ISIS, Al Qaeda and Muslim Brotherhood in Syria, Libya and elsewhere, southern the Mediterranean and the Middle East. Worse, today Brussels rehabilitates and leaves the most beautiful role to Erdogan's Turkey, which is still, with Qatar, the last support of radical Islamism. Also forgotten the illegal Turkish occupation of northern Cyprus since 1974 as the threats of Ankara, in recent years, on Greece and even French buildings in the Eastern Mediterranean! There is only Emmanuel Macron to rejoice a so-called ""European sovereignty."" We have seen it, it is not near to really exist. In the end, the true problem of Europe and its main threat, even before those we’ve just listed, is simply its technocratic ruling class, disconnected from the real and manic. What to expect from European politicians hostages of the “deep states” atlantists and trapped in personal interest conflicts with the Anglo-Saxon or Chinese “money powers”. True small telegraphists of Washington and irresponsible boy-scouts who, by their inconsistency, their suicidal hystery and their crazy ideology, want, as they remind so precisely Henri Guaino and Pierre Lellouche, to lead us such the snambles of 1914 to a Third World War!"
2316	1	Economy: Nothing is going well in France and the EU!
2316	3	In a great Figaro chronicle, Christian Saint-Étienne notes that distributing purchasing power, without productive compensation, is preparing a script for Greek! Macron, Marine le Pen and Mélenchon, however, launched a crazy demagogical race to attract voters, one of the deadly wounds of Western democracies!
2316	5	The problem is that France no longer produces enough industrial products and has an annual trade deficit of about 100 billion euros! The public deficit is now flirting with 6.5% of GDP! The decline of growth, was zero at the beginning of 2022 to reach at the best 1.3% in 2023 and 1.1% in 2024! We are even talking more and more about recession and “stagnation” following the stupid anti-Russian suicidal sanctions that will first hit “those who smoke clocks and run diesel”! The French industry is under social charges and production taxes to pay crazy public spending with over 2 million officials, an annual immigration cost of EUR 84 billion per year and a deficit pension system! The job created by the “high-tech” manipulator Macron is better than nothing, but only 1% of the job in France: it cannot replace the giant investments of Tesla and Intel in Germany and real factories to produce essential goods imported from China and emerging countries!
2316	6	Economy: Nothing is going well in France and the EU!
2316	8	Christian Saint-Étienne reminds us of the Syndrome of Tsipras in Greece that would consist in France to make elected the members of a party that demands the distribution of purchasing power while borrowing it, a SMIC at 5,000 euros, a retirement at 50 years, to bring us in the three months following their election, with the rise of rates, a crisis of trust in the System, the collapse of the economy, a retirement at 68 years and a 20% decrease of retirement! The demagogical promises that cannot be held only engage the naïves and the fools who listen to them. Tomorrow is free.
2316	10	This is also the debandage in the EU as it renounces the Stability Pact by 2023 with a maximum debt of 60% of GDP and a deficit less than 3% of GDP, due to the war in Ukraine. The EU refuses to regain public finances. 17 countries do not meet the deficit criterion and five, including France, the debt criterion. The pact should only be reactivated by 2024! The pacifist, right-of-humanist, mercantile and immigrant EU, raised by a sudden war madness against Russia, is going through a period of the most complete economic uncertainty.
2316	12	In Italy, Mario Draghi no longer knows the state of grace. Growth should not exceed 2.4% this year and 1.9% in 2023. Tax and competition reforms seem to be blocked. The debt will continue to rise and what will Draghi do otherwise announce the bankruptcy of Italy in case of interest rates rise?
2316	13	The debt gap between Germany and Italy has more than doubled in ten years and reached 90% of GDP, compared to 45% between France and Germany. The rates are rising! Christine Lagarde of the ECB wants to end the asset acquisition program in July. Furthermore, the current negative rate of – 0.50 % is expected to rise to 0 % in September, following two consecutive increases of 0.25 % in July and September. Christine Lagarde, at the end of last year, however, considered unlikely a rate rise in 2022 because the deposit rate is in negative territory since 2014!
2316	15	The problem is that the index of consumer prices in the euro area reached the record level of 7.4 per cent over a year in April; even excluding food and energy, inflation largely exceeds the 2% target set by the ECB. In fact, Christine Lagarde is completely disappointed, expressing itself in an incomprehensible grandiloquent charabia speaking of gradualism, optionality, flexibility and adjustment of monetary policy according to unpredictable future events. Christine Lagarde acknowledges that the situation is increasingly uncontrollable and she doesn’t know where it is going! It seems to be the disaster and the explosion of the euro area!
2316	17	The stupid policy of economic and financial sanctions against Russia is the cherry on the cake that comes to worsen the situation! In the event of an oil embargo, Russia will be able to easily replace European demand with that of India and China. However, the embargo will lead to an unacceptable rise in the pump prices for the Yellow Gloves! Potential oil suppliers such as Saudi Arabia, Brazil, the United States are reluctant because if they increase their production, Russia will break prices, as it has already done with India at $25 per barrel, and they will be losers! Moreover, transportation costs will be much higher than for Russian oil. Finally, Russian oil is of higher quality to produce in European refineries of medium distillates (gas).
2316	19	As for gas, a large producing country like Qatar does not want to sell all its gas to Germany because if Berlin decided to stop its orders, it would be trapped. Chancellor Olaf Scholz very naively made the popot tour in Africa (Senegal and South Africa) to get out of Russian gas and find new suppliers, but he made white collar with random, too expensive futuristic projects.
2316	21	Outside Europe, the situation is not brilliant in the United States (high inflation, low growth, rise rates and subsequent small stock crashes), but it is also worrying, which is new, on the side of China! The Middle Empire has revealed its worst economic performance in two years, with low consumption and unemployment close to the absolute record. According to UBS, China’s growth could be limited to 3% this year, while Beijing adheres to its 5.5% target. The Zero Covid strategy is catastrophic for many sectors, including luxury, with a 47% decline in sales compared to 2021. There is an increase in construction and housing sales. Credit production was twice lower than expected; retail sales dropped by 11% and consumer price index was higher than expected. If the confinement seems to be relieving in Shangai, the city of Beijing is strengthening its anti-covid measures, with many shops and tourist sites closed or slowed. Since Davos, the IMF director talks about “contrast winds” in China.
2316	23	As for “cryptos,” Christine Lagarde says that “it’s nothing worth it and it’s not based on anything.” The Bank of France cites the famous speculative bubble of the tulipes in the 17th century in the Netherlands and compares the bitcoin phenomenon to the “tulipomania.” The U.S. Central Bank also wants to stop the recruitment. The cryptocurrency market has already lost more than half of its value, ranging from $3,000 billion to $1,400 billion in just six months. For Bitcoin with a record price of $66,000, and a current price of $29,000, the drop is now 57%! Some investors estimate that it could even decline up to $8,000, just as the Internet bubble exploded in 2000. When is the turn of stock and bonds if the interest rates are flying?
2316	25	Jane Fraser, CEO of the big American bank Citi, is convinced in Davos that Europe will go into recession! Viktor Orban has decreed fire cover in Hungary and believes we will have to face a serious economic crisis. There is even a risk of global recession with an increase in unemployment, food prices, public and private debt already too high in the world.
2316	27	There is only the unconscious France, deprived of a serious presidential campaign, who dreams of an increasing purchasing power funded by the public debt, without working more or producing more, with the Federalistic immigrationist traitor Macron, the unable patriot Marine Le Pen and the Islamic-Left demagogue Mélenchon!
23162	3	Macron is the enemy of France and the French in the enthusiastic world of taxes and taxes.
23162	5	His world of small bankers is the world of media show where everyone behaves as an irresponsible prevaricator of public money, otherwise the money of others. It is the tax struggle that is Macron’s hard drug in the form of hallucinogenic fungus that was enough for the Yellow Gloves rebellion.
23162	7	The hard drug of Macron’s taxation is a dangerous product. Consequently, with the proliferation of taxes and taxes, but not for all, poverty for all the French must be imposed on all.
23162	9	Macron is France’s thief in the chamber, up to the morgue.
23162	11	Clearly, when Macron’s illuminated tax terrorism is in motion, individual freedom is extinguished.
23162	13	Thanks to Macron, France and the French will not have waited long for the confiscation of the French money for tax acceleration in order to increase the rise of compulsory taxes.
23162	15	That’s why Macron has not even expressed the desire to see if the fascinated world of taxes and taxes was an appropriate political measure to preserve the French purchasing power. Clearly, he threatens the French of Bercy’s bureaucrates with online look at the tax racket and the removal of the economies of the poorest French. Although it is known that a lie about the world enthusiastic of taxes and taxes, the gabegie of Macron cannot justify the tax racket organized by Macron the small business bankier. Will President Macron hold the money placed in a tax paradise? The journalists of L’Huma, Jean-Baptiste Rivoire and Gauthier Mesrnier, suspect that part of his salary by the Rothschild bank in 2012 would have been paid into a trust in I’étranger! That’s why the L’Huma investigation throws the suspicion of the heritage of Emmanuel Macron officially declared by Macron’s candidate for the 2022 presidential election.
23162	17	No one can forget the distance that separates Macron, the small political business banker, from the real world and the needs of the real French, aggravating taxism, unemployment and Islamism.
23162	19	Macron, the small business banker of the Rothschild bank, has come to the ground with a star away from the concrete life of the French invaded by migrants and who have difficulty surviving and staying in the real country. That’s why the life-ensembophobia of the French will develop without the hope of improvement.
23162	21	The case of Macron arrived on earth with a star far from the reality and life of the French is not different from that of the Little Prince of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. The francophobic dreams of Macron, the small business banker, should be included in the children’s books. Macron should apologize for having forgotten that he addresses big poor people and not ignorant children.
23162	23	Adolescent Macron, the small business banker, should be a big person who lives in France where he plays the role of the president of all the French. This is why France needs to be comforted.
23162	25	But all the apologies of Macron’s teenage will not be enough to calm the minds, because his childhood policy cannot make it forget that Macron remains a child who plays Macron President.
23162	27	"Macron child saw a picture in a book on the Virgin Forest that was called ""Histories Experienced""."
23162	29	It was a good serpent who was hunting a fool. “The good serpents (In March) swallow their whole slaughter, without mocking it. Then they can no longer move and sleep for the six months of their digestion.” Since then, Macron has lived in the imaginary world of his tax obsessions. It is above the turmoil of the small people, far from the difficulties of the real French.
23162	31	That’s why he wants to hunt the economies of the poor French as his whole hunt, without mocking it. Then he no longer wants to move, he does nothing, and he sleeps for the five years of his digestion.
23162	33	Macron can’t calm anyone by worrying everyone and harassing everyone.
23162	35	His obsession of taxation for all the poor and the middle class is both insistent and unrighteous. This is still a bad blow made by Macron to France that works.
23162	37	And the zero risk does not exist for Macron in the 2022 elections, not even in his dreams!
23162	39	Macron wants to impose a more chaste energy conduct, which is the most pure puritanism!
23162	41	Heating is a tolerance that will soon be accompanied by the Soviet obligation to give up heating. With Macron, the confusion has become complete between taxes and energy prices.
23162	43	With Macron, energy terrorism promises the worst of the Covid 19 pandemic.
23162	45	How many new restrictions will be needed to reverse the natural trend of energy speculation? Macron can dream of a society without heating for others. He is one of those people above permitted by the law to harass the France that works and to “mord” the French (Pompidou says). On all sides, Macron attacks and taxally harasses the working France and the poor retirees with the CSG of shame. With the teenager Macron, the small business bankier, you are condemned, you are taxed and you are suppressed any form of normal life and you have to count the least euro.
23162	47	#RothschildGate: Macron, the small business banker of the Rothschild bank, had placed his payments via an account located in a tax paradise. Source of WikiStrike.
23162	49	After the first already colossal scandal of #McKinseyGate, here’s that journalists of Humanity balancing another money deal that relates to Emmanuel Macron’s real heritage, which would not be 500K only as he told HATVP, and which surprised the French, but rather several million euros placed in a secure place. In fact, troubling elements suggest that when he passed to the Rothschild bank, Macron would have been paid through an account located in a tax paradise, which is what the L’Huma investigation tends to demonstrate (source: WikiStrike).
23162	51	Macron adolescent, the small business banker, does not take any account of what the real French think. Courage and rebellion are on their side. Not only does Macron not work for the reconciliation of the French with the power, but he is not afraid to harass people by all kinds of inappropriate decisions. The coincidence wanted Macron to be elected by McKinsey’s campaign team that releases him from all obligations. As Eric Zemmour says: Macron is a teenager, the best enemy of France.
23162	53	Macron guignol LGBT has nothing to do with Elisee. He is no longer at home. The house is the PS.
23162	55	Morality, with Zemmour: We must take back control of our country!
23163	1	Macron is the man who tells us about Europe with the same fervor as if he tells us about a Reich that must last 1,000 years.
23163	3	A few extract:
23163	5	I'm going to start with this table made by 1 out of 5 on child protection. I think it has not been discussed in this presidential election.
23163	7	Emmanuel Macron is one of the few candidates who did not answer these questions and the only one who ignored the request. Among the candidates questioned, Marine Le Pen is the only one with Jean-Luc Mélenchon to have responded favorably to all points. What makes the only candidate in the second round who has a specific child protection program is Marine Le Pen. It could have been Jean-Luc Mélenchon, but the election made that it was Marine Le Pen who was in the second round.
23163	9	The recognition of traumatic amnesia is the recognition that a victim can develop amnesia of what she has lived as a mechanism of resilience and survival. In fact, outside the framework of child protection, traumatic amnesia is exactly what is happening right now. Emmanuel Macron’s fifth year has been extremely violent, and some mechanisms of resilience sometimes play against us: such as tetanization or traumatic amnesia. The problem with traumatic amnesia is that it enters competition with prescription deadlines and plays against the victims in the benefit of the burrows.
23163	11	In this questionnaire of 1 out of 5, the amendment Romeo and Juliette questioned is, according to the Huffington Post, “a provision, provided by the Seal Guard Eric Dupond-Moretti, [thinking] to preserve teenage loves.” Behind this expression “adolescent love” is hidden the fact that a major person has a sexual relationship with a minor whose age gap is up to 5 years. And this expression of “adolescent love” is quite problematic because it supports the idea of a teen initiation necessary to put it on the sex market for the benefit of adults.
23163	13	Some responded to the questionnaire, some declined, Emmanuel Macron is the only one who ignored.
23163	15	In my 2017 article I had written that the 24-year-old relationship between Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron had begun when he was only 15 years old. I was worried about the consequences of this imbalance, especially in its ability to lie, and it was said all and its opposite with its famous “in the same time.” I had also written that Emmanuel Macron is “not capable of discerning the righteous from the unjust,” and I had written that he “will discern profit, but not good.” And his fifth year checked it.
23163	17	"In this absence of reply from Emmanuel Macron to the questionnaire of one in five, we find this incapacity to position, we find this sadly famous ""at the same time"". The [...]"
23163	19	The “in the same time” is seen in all aspects of Emmanuel Macron’s life,” and “in the same time” there is a coco. According to authorized biographies of Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron, Brigitte’s infidelity would have so devastated his husband André-Louis that he would not even go to the funeral of his own mother.
23163	21	I had written in 2017 that Emmanuel Macron is a man who doesn’t know how to say no to a woman who wants to destroy her family and destroy her husband. And Emmanuel Macron is definitely the one who doesn’t know how to say no to a Europe that wants to destroy France. The coconut is us.
23163	23	And before I go back to the scary agitated by Emmanuel Macron and his apostles, I’m going to focus on the issue of disability. While the second round opposes Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen in the second round, the voters are divided. These days has escaped the recording of a “space”, a space of vocal discussion, where you can hear some personalities engaged like a famous Mediapart chronicler who expresses his “real anxiety” that people don’t vote for Macron, feeding without complex a form of delirium quite incredible by cutting all the boxes of racist discourse while another person begins to fear for the disabled.
23163	25	So if we find the usual horrors that are normally debited in front of the National Front and then in front of the National Assembly, the cognitive dissonance becomes ridiculous when we think of the thousands of yellow gloves imprisoned, the yellow gloves to whom the civil rights and therefore the right to vote were withdrawn, and the journalists who have been embarked as criminals when they were not shot. But I was especially surprised to hear that woman says she’s worried about the consequences of a possible Marine Le Pen election for disabled people.
23163	27	If Marine Le Pen’s party is a complex party, I’m hard to see the fear that we can have regarding this part of the disabled people’s program. I speak of different currents in the National Assembly party, but if there is a currents that are very strong in this party today, it is that consciousness of disability, related needs, and that will to improve the current situation.
23163	29	People who are directly affected by disability will naturally protect their families so they won’t put forward their personal involvement, but I realized that in the immediate surroundings of Marine Le Pen, among her closest counselors, there are people who live daily the disability, who know what it is to receive the news of a child whose disability marks the whole body of the child. In Marine Le Pen’s campaign team there are people who have accepted and welcomed a disabled child and some points of this plate correspond 100% to personal experiences experienced in the immediate surroundings of the National Assembly candidate.
23163	31	I will have more difficulty judging the other promises of this party, honestly, but on these special points relating to disability, I know that the person who wrote this poster lives these things personally, and those points, at least those points are not of bluff.
23163	33	The greatest risk that these promises are not fulfilled is obviously that this party won the second round, but if it won the second round, the greatest risk that these promises are not fulfilled would be the fact that the La République En Marche MPs oppose the fulfillment of these promises.
23163	35	[...] You have noticed that the vaccine pass was suspended and not removed the time of the elections. This vaccine passport is still in force, it is only temporarily suspended for a part of the population, and if you are not affected today by the vaccine passport you are a privileged and it is only temporary. There are still people today subjected to the vaccine pas in France, who have been removed the ability to do their work and who do not receive their remuneration. Jean-Luc Mélenchon had promised to return on this pass, Marine Le Pen had promised to return on this pass, Emmanuel Macron held it.
23163	37	The New York Times revealed on April 14 that European countries are temporarily rejecting the implementation of new oil embargoes in fear that this will cause Emmanuel Macron to lose his election. They know that an increase in fuel prices would be fatal to Emmanuel Macron, so they lie by omission, they wait for Emmanuel Macron’s election to do so. It’s all of the facade.
23163	39	You may have seen Emmanuel Macron promising lots of gifts such as a “food check,” but Emmanuel Macron asks you to choose it so that he will give you a gift with your own money. On the contrary, Marine Le Pen proposes a reduction in VAT on certain consumer products and therefore a source economy.
23163	41	There again, no one knows what will happen with these promises, but we see who has a flaming speech.
23163	43	The [...]
23163	45	If you have voted Jean-Luc Mélenchon in the first round, and you are personally opposed to Emmanuel Macron, you may have been surprised that Jean-Luc Mélenchon is as fast to say that it was not necessary to vote for the candidate that is facing Macron in the second round. Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s program, however, had many points in common with Marine Le Pen’s, such as the Citizen Initiative Referendum or the withdrawal of the vaccine passport. If he was in disagreement on certain points, Jean-Luc Mélenchon had an immense leverage to withdraw concessions to Marine Le Pen, and he did not take care of it.
23163	47	In the second round of 2017 the government agreement established between Marine Le Pen and Nicolas Dupont-Aignan contained “a lot of renunciations from the National Front,” and there I still quote my words from 2017, so I wrote that Nicolas Dupont-Aignan had obtained “some of those renunciations that directly affect the inhumanity that is often reproached in the National Front, such as the renunciation to pay for the schooling of foreign children. Nicolas Dupont-Aignan has obtained from the Front-National to make the good of the child pass above everything.” Similarly, the National Front was, I quote myself again, “united to regain the disabled aid measures of the Debout La France program.” See how these concessions were truly accepted, and how attention to disabled people has become a key point in Marine Le Pen’s program five years later. Jean-Luc Mélenchon would have been able to negotiate the same way, but instead, he immediately called for not to vote the candidate who could withdraw Emmanuel Macron and then reveal his true intention: to become the prime minister.
23163	49	On the groups of yellow gloves and carriers, people say themselves “destroyed, devastated, sided” by 28% of Macron, but they also designate Mélenchon as “a ruin and a betrayal.” Many voted for Mélenchon... and the one who dragged the yellow gloves and the anti-passes reveals himself as a subject to the citizen, and that doesn’t happen.
23163	51	So seeing him now ambitiously to be Macron’s prime minister... all that for that, was that the deal actually?
23163	53	It is true that even on his first round plate Jean-Luc Mélenchon did not see himself in the second round. You can check it.
23163	55	I believe that the only one who can overcome this in cynism is Emmanuel Macron who has not feared to announce his will to delay the retirement age to 65 because we know well that anyone who died before 65 can not vote against Emmanuel Macron. This is the exact definition, in the literal sense of the word, through the survivor.
23163	57	The [...]
23163	59	I had written in 2017 that “Emmanuel Macron is the candidate [of] 49.3 and the candidate of the government by order.” I wrote that “Emmanuel Macron is the candidate for this political cast that ignores hundreds of thousands of protesters and throw petitions of hundreds of thousands of signatures.” I wrote this in 2017 before his election, and Emmanuel Macron’s fifth anniversary was the fifth anniversary of a big fictional debate and records of forgotten dolence, a fifth anniversary of uninterrupted demonstrations, repressed by mutilations.
23163	61	I had written that “Emmanuel Macron enjoys the moral guarantee of the left, that same morality that closes the eyes on the massacres in the name of socialism, blinded by the fascination for the dictators,” and it is in fact seen that some figures of the left express their anxiety that some people don’t vote for Macron.
23163	63	I had written that “As Nazism replaced German culture with a substitute culture (the Nazi myth), the Macron system denies French culture.” It replaces its own myth.
23163	65	I had written that “Emmanuel Macron is the candidate of the party that defends the GPA, the PMA, and other merchanting and exploitation of the body of others, taking care of the woman only to better exploit it.” I had written in 2017 that “Emmanuel Macron is the candidate of the party of euthanasia and eugenism, which eliminates the weak when they cost too much to the financial system, and which eliminates before birth disabled and other poor to purify the race.”
23163	67	What did Emmanuel Macron do in his five-year life? The extension of the period of abortion, the removal of hospital beds in full pandemic, and the facilitated administration of Rivotril to elderly people. So I don’t see what interest Emmanuel Macron can bring today to children, people with disabilities, parents, and elderly. If Macron talks about good-bearing people as people who are nothing, what is his opinion about elderly people, young children, disabled and sick people?
23163	69	I had written in 2017 that “Emmanuel Macron is the candidate for the financial speculation that enrichs [of] movements of populations, populations that are parked in camps. Emmanuel Macron is the candidate of the party that feeds the wars in foreign countries and then opens the borders to welcome these prefabricated refugees. Emmanuel Macron is the candidate for the MED EF [...] who is pleased with these floods of vulnerable workers because they are destroyed.” He did not know how to prevent the war in Ukraine and you know how, by his involvement in the Alstom scandal, he was the craftsmanship of our loss of sovereignty that made France unable to be a credible interlocutor to prevent the war in Ukraine. And now he talks to us about civil war.
23163	71	During these elections in 2022 I didn’t see any candidate promising to return to the El Khomri law, I didn’t see any candidate promising to return to the Macron orders. But of all the candidates who presented themselves to these elections, Emmanuel Macron is the one that facilitated dismissals, which reduced dismissal compensation, and which reduced the prescription time to one year for the prud’men.
23163	73	And then there is all that scandal around the counseling offices, Mc Kinsey in the head. When Joann Chapoutot talks about the Nazi origins of modern management, he addresses the question of the manufacture of consent, and also how the state is subsidized by agencies, which is exactly the description of Macron's policy based on Mc Kinsey. That is, on the organizational level, Macron’s “government” is much closer to the Nazi managerial method than the Fifth Republic.
23163	75	Listen to Joann Chapoutot:
23163	77	And what is very interesting is that Reinhard Höhn is one of those people who in the bottom, think with forty years in advance, what in the 1970s will be called the New Public Management, that is, the replacement of the state by ad hoc agencies, agencies that have: a project, a budget, a mission, and who are there only for this mission. While the state, it pose a problem, you see, it is a structure that is permanent, that remains and that costs money. Well, the agencies are perfect: it is an institution that has a duration of existence only as long as its mission must be fulfilled, once it is completed, it is completed. So, in fact, it doesn’t happen like that, because the agencies have a form of durability, a form of persistence in the being that makes them stay on themselves [...] it’s more a four-year plan, it’s a nine-year plan finally. But in any case, the idea is that the state must be sprayed. And that’s what the Nazis did since 1933 they destroyed the state. They do it and they say it more. Until Hitler, Hitler in his speeches said that the state must disappear.
23163	79	Macron said to the Sorbonne in 2017: “You have no choice, you have only one simple choice, to want this Europe taking all the risks.” Macron is the one who in a millennial movement in Athens in 2017 called for a stronger Europe, asking to have, these are his words, “a extreme ambition.” These words were the foundation of the campaign clip of the Republic in March for the 2019 European elections.
23163	81	Macron is the man who tells us about Europe with the same fervor as if he tells us about a Reich that must last 1,000 years.
23163	83	So I will end with these words by Sophie Scholl, guillotinated for distributing tracks against Nazism:
23163	85	No matter my death if, thanks to us, thousands of men have their eyes open.
23163	87	On Sunday, the only risk you have to take is to go to a vote office. Vote for the one you want to see to be elected, or vote against the one that represents in your eyes the greatest Nazi risk. After that, the risk will be greater, Macron has already threatened you with a civil war.
23164	1	In the face of a liar without faith and law, Marine fought well.
23164	3	This is the time for the big match back, a 2017 remake desired by the two finalists. First by Macron, convinced that he will come out again winner of the confrontation, then by Marine, who intends to take his revenge on the fiasco of the previous duel. Everyone has prepared for it, Marine has learned from his past mistakes, and Macron is faced with the cost of repolining a balance of the most calamitating and deleting his image of president of the rich, so arrogant and disregarding to the people and so critical to France, which has done so much harm over the centuries.
23164	5	Everything in Macron sounds false and sweets insecurity.
23164	7	But unlike all the debates of the Fifth Republic opposing two candidates to the Supreme Court, we will not only have the right to an exchange between two projects that all oppose, but this decisive exchange will also be the “All except Macron” against the “All except Marine”.
23164	9	Rejection against rejection, this will be the ruling of the urnes on April 10.
23164	11	For if Macron remains the most hated president of the Fifth Republic, the globalistic system has rushed to devastate Marine to outright, making it Hitler in jupons guilty of all evils. Moreover, since Marine is in no way responsible for the shipwreck of France, largely aggravated by Macron, it is hypocrite to tax it of incompetence. From there the return of the Republican front and the barrier to the extreme right, the eternal horse of battle of the foolers of the nation.
23164	13	The press shooting to the subsidies, no longer talks about the vote of Le Pen but about the risk of Le Pen!
23164	15	Since it is no longer the accession to a project that guides the voter, but rather the hatred of the opponent, it should be very cautious about the polls, which give Macron winning to 55/45. Not only can there be a greater abstinence than in the first round, but anger in the isolation can generate great surprises.
23164	17	This is why the importance of this debate can make the difference.
23164	19	What I hope is that Marine will not let herself be locked in a technical debate on which she will never have the advantage over a broken Macron in the exercise.
23164	21	What is needed is that she recalls a list of all the turmoil, of all the insults, of all the presidential misfortunes since 2017.
23164	23	If she makes the mistake of defending her program instead of attacking Macron on his defects and machiavelic machinery, she will lose.
23164	25	It must read a chapel of truths, which describe the real Macron and destabilize it.
23164	27	“When I have been elected, I will not be treated in the fence in Saint-Martin, once I have been elected, I will not sing fools on the stairs of the Elysée, once I have been elected, I will not accuse France of crime against humanity, once I have been elected, I will not blur my country at the UN tribune, once I have been elected, I will not treat the French as fainants, untrue, alcoholic or less than anything, once I have been elected, I will not sell our industrial flowers to foreigners, once I have been elected, I will not neglect the culture and art of France, once I have been elected, I will not let the insurgency explode a 35% of the law, I will not let the citizens be integrated.”
23164	29	Remember the famous anaphore of Holland, “I President”...who left Sarkozy KO in place in 2012.
23164	31	The debate
23164	33	Finally, this debate, which lasted 2h50 was too long, with too many topics overflowed.
23164	35	It was quite tired, no strong time, no candidate actually took the ascendant over his opponent.
23164	37	A very technical debate on the side of Macron, which expressed its permanent self-satisfaction.
23164	39	More human and sincere debate on the Marine side, which has never dropped.
23164	41	I found that Macron was bored and lived the moment as a superfluous trial, a corvée of which he would have pleased to pass, assured of his victory whatever happens.
23164	43	Marine was more motivated, more sincere and closer to the people.
23164	45	She had apparently worked on her records and did not collapse as in 2017.
23164	47	This will not be the general opinion in the media invoked by Macron, but I give a slight advantage to Marine, who held the head to his opponent when he denied the obvious or lies.
23164	49	Macron’s teaching tone is unbearable to me, Marine’s sincerity liked me.
23164	51	Macron has put his failures on the back of the pandemic, defending a positive balance in all areas.
23164	53	Marine has given credible figures that Macron has denied, of course.
23164	55	We’ll see if this debate changes the final result. It can improve Marine's score, so far given to 45%
23164	57	The whole evening, Macron promised us that he would do what he did not. A stronger and more effective state, when Marine wants more justice, fraternity, protection and concord.
23164	59	In terms of purchasing power, each one takes its own measures.
23164	61	For Marine, 7 out of 10 French citizens believe they have lost purchasing power and unemployment has never dropped if we take all categories into account.
23164	63	Macron says it has created 1.2 million jobs
23164	65	They are opposed to temporary energy checks and the drop in permanent VAT.
23164	67	On Ukraine, they agree on the essence in order to help Ukraine, although Marine is opposed to the blockade of gas and oil, which would make an unknown harm to the French people and companies. She obviously is right. Let’s not be hara-kiri. Marine wants to resume with Russia at the end of the conflict, fearing the emergence of a bloc of Russia/China.
23164	69	Macron attacked him violently on the loan agreed with a Russian bank. This is a low blow because no bank in France wanted to give him a loan in 2017. Furthermore, Macron had promised a bank of democracy that has never been created, like everything that this liar promises.
23164	71	Accusing Marine of being linked to his bankier Putin, Macron becomes aggressive. Marine reiterates that she remains a free woman and that it cannot be blamed for borrowing abroad what France refuses to give her. At this point, she is right. This harshness of Macron, who received Putin in Versailles and Brégançon, is grotesque. A wicked blow.
23164	73	There is a total disagreement in Europe. On foreign workers, on trade agreements, on European sovereignty. Marine wants a Europe of nations and wants France to finally defend its interests, to protect our farmers and our.
23164	75	We are a big country and not just a piece of Europe.
23164	77	There is a disagreement about retirement. 65 years for Macron, at a rate of 4 additional months per year. 60 to 62 years for Marine with 40 annuities.
23164	79	Attacked over the 600 billion additional debts in five years, Macron assumes and says he has saved and jobs.
23164	81	Marine reminds the additional 400,000 poor, the 85 billion trade deficit, the productivity in Bern at + 0.1%, the industrial jobs lost. He wants to relocate. The Navy is rather fighting.
23164	83	Hospitals and Ehpad
23164	85	Macron insists on the means, Marine reminds the suffering of the profession, exhausted. They agree on more means and controls.
23164	87	Ecology
23164	89	Free trade produces 50% of the greenhouse gas. Producing 10,000 km from the consumer’s place is pure madness. It is necessary to relocate production, develop economic patriotism, fight unfair competition and animal suffering in the livestock chains.
23164	91	A long exchange opposes them on nuclear and wind, which Marine is completely opposed.
23164	93	She accuses Macron of closing Fessenheim and punishing EDF with EU energy rules. We lost 10 years on the renewal of the nuclear park.
23164	95	Treated by climate skeptic, Marine retorks: “You are a climate hypocrite”
23164	97	The digital economy
23164	99	Both agree on the need for a European Google, such as Ariane or Airbus.
23164	101	Schools
23164	103	Marine insists rightly on the collapse of the school. Macron defends his balance sheet
23164	105	Learning that has more than doubled, compulsory maths up to the bac. Classes of 12 students in the priority areas.
23164	107	For Marine, in addition to the foundations, it is imperative to restore safety in school and discipline.
23164	109	Security
23164	111	We would like Marine to give the figures of the explosion of violence. The people can no longer with this barbarism and this permanent salvation.
23164	113	Violence and violence are everywhere. All goods are stolen, livestock, harvests, construction engines, tractors. It is the mass immigration that generates this explosion of insecurity.
23164	115	Morally rearmed the police disregarded by the power, too laxist justice must be re-thought. Marine wants 25,000 places in prison
23164	117	Macron continues to defend its balance sheet. 10,000 additional officers. 200 brigades of gendarmeries. And 1,500 cyber-patrioters planned.
23164	119	Laicity
23164	121	total disagreement. For Macron, secularity is freedom. He is for the vessel.
23164	123	Debate on the vessel that Marine wants to ban in public spaces to release the Muslim woman. The 4500 foreigners registered in the file of the radicalised must be expelled.
23164	125	There are 570 mosques to be closed. The integrist movements who refused to sign the Charter of Secularity have never been worried and continue to hurt.
23164	127	For Macron, Marine will bring the Civil War.
23164	129	This is an accusation that has caught the Navy. The law must be respected by everyone.
23164	131	Immigration
23164	133	Marine wants a referendum on land law, the expulsion of criminals, the national priority to employment and housing, the asylum requested in the consulates abroad, the prohibition of the regulation of clandestines.
23164	135	On all these issues, Macron wants a European solution, so it is eternal immobilism.
23164	137	On the institutions that Macron has never reformed, including the proportional, Marine will use Article 11 to let the people decide on it by referendum. It is legal and democratic.
23164	139	Conclusion
23164	141	Macron sees in this election a referendum for or against the EU, ecology, fraternity!
23164	143	Marine wants to end globalistic brutality, crime, identity shipwreck and the sacking of our social model.
23164	145	The discussion ends after 2h50.
23164	147	It may not change the outcome of the election, but honestly, facing a liar and hypocrite like Macron, who has not ceased to destroy the country for five years, Marine’s sincerity deserves to be emphasized.
23164	149	I will vote for her because Macron is a real destructor of our social model and our cultural heritage.
23165	1	What did they say about Macron? His “Friends”
23165	3	What did they say about Macron? His “Friends”
23165	5	Surprisingly very fair opinions often and insightful before changing them with a narcotic jacket return.
23165	7	Emmanuel Macron has raised many often instructive opinions both about him and those who express them. Learn yourself, you’ll be surprised.
23165	9	I have the reference of all the quotes from newspapers, books, below. It would be too hard to mention this chronicle. So I will pass it. So bad for those who doubt my honesty.
23165	11	The first cities will be the relatives of Emmanuel Macron or rallies often without shame after his election in 2017. Surprisingly very fair opinions often and insightful before changing them with a narcotic jacket return.
23165	13	Go, teach yourself, you’ll be surprised.
23165	15	Alain Minc tells their first meeting in 2004: “I thought, what white-bec! Macron is not ambitious; he is inhabited. »
23165	17	Jean-Michel Darrois, intima of Macron, 2008 “It was said that he had a very strong power of seduction over the old gentlemen.”
23165	19	Attali conference organized by the weekly journal Challenges on May 13, 2016: “Macron only embodies the emptiness. “Whoever doesn’t say either left or right is that he’s right.” »
23165	21	Edouard Philippe, in Liberation, before the 2017 election: “Who is Macron? For some, impressed by his power of seduction and his reformist rhetoric, he would be the natural son of Kennedy and Mendes France. The first had more charism, the second more principles. For others, he would be Brutus, the adoptive son of Caesar. “No, the Roman who looks most like Macron is not Brutus, it is Macron. Naevius Sutorius Macro, says Macron, high official (if, if) became, in favour of a palace revolution, the counselor of Tiberius, emperor separated from the usual affairs, he will end up killing him. A missing revolution or a striking victory? A miserable betrayal or a miserable ambition? No one can say it today. »
23165	23	Bruno Le Maire, July 12, 2016 on Public Senate: “Attention to this way of mixing, broken the lines and that we will put all the progressists with us. It doesn’t mean anything, it’s the soup. This is the soup. Politics needs clarity. “There have been hundreds of thousands of more unemployed during this five-year period, it is the minister Emmanuel Macron who is also responsible for it. »
23165	25	November 17, 2016 on France info: “This is another face of socialism Emmanuel Macron. A more advanced face, a more open face, but it is always socialism. »
23165	27	19 February 2017 on Europe 1: “Emmanuel Macron, it’s the man without a project because it’s the man without conviction”; “as he says everything and his opposite depending on the auditor he has in front of him (...) no matter what Emmanuel Macron’s project will come out, we know that he can be contradicted in the next minute...”
23165	29	July 2016, RTL: “You can’t be a minister and be in campaign. This is not possible. »
23165	31	Macron symbolizes the “old politics in which politicians do one thing and the opposite”; “You present yourself as a very modern man and, at the same time, while being responsible for an essential sector of the country, you make a campaign for yourself. »
23165	33	Francois Bayrou, before the election of 2017, Macron the candidate of the “power of money”: “I’m absolutely skeptical about this matter, and when I say skeptical, it’s the most moderate word I can choose. It won’t work, because the French will see what this approach means, what’s behind all this, behind this hologram”; “In addition, it’s very simple: ask yourself the question of why these hours and those hours of live television? Why these coverings of magazines, why these pages and these pages around photographs or stories quite empty? “There is an attempt that has already been made several times by several great financial and other interests, who do not just have economic power, but who want to have political power. »
23165	35	“I have always opposed the gender mix between the political decision, which must be of civil order, and the world of great interests and the world of money.” I am for the separation of state and money (...) I am not for the power of money to take the step in politics. It must be taken into account, it must be known, it must be known, it must be promoted when possible the activity and the creation of wealth. But one should not take a step on the other. »
23165	37	Alain Juppé, before the 2017 election: “Macron, it’s the betrayal of François Hollande, which he knocked in the back. Macron wants to make politics differently, but he uses the oldest recipes: betrayal. Macron is Brutus, but with a little difference: Hollande is not Caesar. »
23165	39	Macron “presents himself today as the completely new white Knight”; “You must be cautious about people who do the opposite of what they say and say the opposite of what they do”; “You must not be naive. This is with Emmanuel Macron someone who has fully guaranteed the economic policy carried out since 2012, starting with the massive tax rise. »
23165	41	Nicolas Sarkozy, before the 2017 election: “He was his Deputy Secretary-General, (of François Hollande) his Minister of Finance and now he betrayes him. If so, modernity, I think it’s a little classic. »
23165	43	Jean-Pierre Raffarin at the micro of RTL, before the 2017 election: “What does that mean? It is a bit ambiguous. We don’t know very well if he’s a candidate or not; if he says interesting things we’d especially like to see what it makes useful for France. He is a minister, not a commentator, an observer or a journalist. He is an actor. He is usually responsible for the industry. We have a huge crisis in EDF, Areva and major economic situations. Macron is waiting for these records, not statements for 2017. We expect actions, facts and reality. »
23165	45	Bernard Mourad, banker, close to Macron: “What’s funny is the kind of fantasy of the young wolf of finance. He has been a two-year business bank [four in reality], he has made a deal with the Nestlé guy who was in the Attali commission. A kind of Mozart of finance? Nothing in fact! »
23165	47	Didier Guillaume, former Macronian minister: “This is, the real problem of this five-year: power is in the hands of a cast of scientists who have no control, no views of the territory, but who think that among them they can make the rain and the good weather. »
23165	49	Daniel Cohn-Bendit, the secret adviser to the becoming president, said: “Macron has the arrogance of the first of the class, the guy who has always been the best. It has succeeded the coup of the century, it gives you an incredible ego. This is one of his problems, there is an isolation in which he pleases. »
23165	51	A few opinions of rather neutral commentators that add to the interest of their statement and a relatively moderate opponent whose party had supplied the majority of troops to Macron in 2017.
23165	53	Five quotes that well summarize his trajectory and political balance.
23165	55	Rachida Dati, member of the LR of Paris, said: “Macron, I know him for a long time, he is a boy of rich, who has succeeded everything, who has the right network, who knows the administration, and who is not a gentle. You don’t have to be stupid, he’s not a good guy. »
23165	57	Emmanuel Todd: “Let me show you why Macron, unlike Mussolini, is not a fascist. It is because Mussolini had an economic program, he! »
23165	59	Natacha Polony, Europe 1: “It is that he, ideologically, is a kind of thing quite empty, capable of supporting everything and its opposite, just what he has behind is simply financial forces who want to pursue a very precise program. It is an economic program. We know what it is. It is supported by who? It is supported by Pierre Berger, Xavier Niel, Patrick Drahi. There’s behind people who have financial interests to support and so they’ve found a great call product. »
23165	61	François Pinault, June 2018, Le Monde: President Macron “does not understand the little people. “I am afraid that it will lead France to a system that forgets the most modest. »
23165	63	Olivier Faure: “Macron has done things that have allowed him to satisfy a part of his electoral clientel. But can we say that he was a great president, in the sense that he would have succeeded in the great works of Hercules? No, he did nothing at all. In fact, after a year, he had the yellow gloves. After two years, he managed to put people on the street and get a social movement among the longest in this country. And finally, on the management of the health, economic and social crisis, it is in the permanent improvement. »
23165	65	Reading my many chronicles, some sad spirits might think that I exaggerate or that I am a bad faith in Macron. This time, it was not me who said it.
23165	67	On the same subject the examples that illustrate its connivence with the capitalists:
23165	69	Macron, the “surdoued” in the economy, has remained only a business banker in the service of his wealthy commander
23165	71	To go further in your thinking if you want it, with full of information out of doxa, about debt, taxes, where to find money, Europe, Macron, etc., on My Blog.
23166	1	Why France may not survive the new five-year anniversary of US agent Macron
23166	3	"In violation of the most elementary republican and democratic principles, but not hesitating to present themselves ""at the same time"" as the remn of the Republic and democracy, most media have blown for the fifteen days of the inter-two-tours against Marine Le Pen and have well kept themselves looking for noises to her opponent. To this small game of demolition and protection, which can be surprised that Marine Le Pen, given practically equally with Macron at the evening of the first round (49 percent against 51% according to Ifop), had devised eight points in the interval? If the media had acted the opposite, if they had saved Marine Le Pen and scattered Macron from the countless explosive affairs he plunged, the result of the election would very likely have been reversed. Marine Le Pen would have taken it. A conclusion is necessary: for the first time in France, and without a doubt given the weakness of the gap at the beginning and at the arrival, the media made the election. And since the media is only one of the propaganda arms of the System, it can be claimed that the System has made the election. As usual, some will answer, not without reason."
23166	5	At this stage, we can no longer do anything for the others, those who didn’t understand, while the presidential campaign was distorted from A to Z by the press to orders, that everything was done to ensure Macron’s re-election, in the absence of Pecresse who was so disappointed.
23166	7	Let’s say: since Macron was re-elected on Sunday 24 April, France will continue to be the U.S. marionette. Governed by a servant of the Plutocrates, our country will continue, over the next five years, its already well-started self-destruction. This time, France may not survive.
23166	9	During the big debate between the two towers, Emmanuel Macron accused Marine Le Pen of being subjected to Russia. The former President of the National Assembly (RN) had to reject him that he was a bit reversing the roles, since the President of the Republic is completely subject to the United States. He is the agent.
23166	11	The agent Macron delivered to the United States his own country, France, as the very serious case Alstom, among many other cases more scandalous one than the other, has largely demonstrated it.
23166	13	Orwellien Young Leader of the French-American Foundation
23166	15	The French-American Foundation (FAF): Most French people ignore the existence of this powerful organization. Just because the press keeps it out of its fat.
23166	17	He never came to the idea of any magazine to make its coverage on the FAF, nor to any daily to make its One. However, founded in 1976 under the good auspices of the very Americanophile Giscard d'Estaing and his counterpart Gerald Ford, this organization known to be linked to the CIA enjoys an exorbitant influence in France. Among its members, let’s quote some revealing names: Emmanuel Macron, Edouard Philippe, François Hollande, Valérie Pécresse. The last two presidents of the Republic are the Young Leaders of the FAF who will totalize, if everything goes as planned, fifteen years in power in France. Fifteen years of absolute disaster, of which the next five could logically be the worst, or even fatal.
23166	19	One thing is certain: France will experience a descent to hell.
23166	21	As we have explained in the past two years (1), already ruined in unprecedented proportions during the first five years of Macron, the state will float under the crushing weight of its debt. Thro the last five years, although the exact amount is obviously very difficult to obtain from Bercy’s services, it seems that the debt has increased in total, and at least, by 1,000 billion euros: 600 billion under the pretext of Covid (according to Macron in person, during the discussion of the two-tours), to which the bottom of the word adds another 400 billion of current deficit. Or, in just five years, almost half of the amount, already giant, accumulated in half a century by its six predecessors!
23166	23	This bankruptcy of the state will enable to “justify”, with false airs, the liquidation of the social model and the sale to the encan of what remains of the national heritage. A huge cake to share among the financial giants (I almost wrote phynance), the dear friends of Ubu Macron, on the back of the good people and the country who don’t hear anything.
23166	25	Over the next five years, the population, subject to confinements, fire coverings, mandatory injections and recurrent or permanent vaccine pass, and even to rationalization tickets under the pretext of the lack caused by the true-false perpetual war with Russia, the population will experience an orwellian fate.
23166	27	At Orwell, in 1984, we tend to forget it, the true-false war is in the background and allows to crush a little more consciousness...
23166	29	Millions of missing US agent Macron
23166	31	At this point there is a question.
23166	33	Does Macron act voluntarily, by simple avidity of this power that is handed over to him at large strikes of lies and permanent manipulation, media?
23166	35	Or, another hypothesis, is Macron corrupt? Does he possess, at the time he is, colossal secret accounts, on which hundreds of millions, billions of dollars are spent?
23166	37	Macron’s declared heritage (approximately 500,000 euros in 2022, a figure that made the All-Paris much laugh, but never prevented him from re-presenting) makes it more serious to consider the existence of hidden accounts, on which the millions earned as associate in Rothschild would have disappeared. According to Jean-Baptiste Rivoire, co-author of the Macron's Heritage survey, where the millions have gone?, everything seems to indicate that part of the money earned in the bank, whose amount itself would be clearly underestimated or under-declared or subtracted to the statement, would be flown to an unknown destination. If they exist, would the same hidden accounts be powered at the present time by BlackRock, Pfizer, Moderna and many other financial and industrial colosses in exchange for the highs of both macronic and cyclopean betrayals?
23166	39	The figures here are vertiginal. The amounts we are talking about are hundreds of billions of euros, and in the medium term thousands of billions of euros. The enormous yield of the depeating and siphonage of France, its state and its people.
23166	41	Question: would Macron be the greatest scam of all time, whose gogo would be the French people, and ultimately France itself?
23166	43	Another question: would Macron dream, after the pillage and destruction operation of France which he undertaken five years ago, following his malicious role as the Minister of Economy of François Hollande, to push the destruction to its end, since, after all, the French are stupid enough to have brought it back to business? Will Macron completely break his own country and his own people for, then, rich in tens or even hundreds of billions of euros, his modest part of the huge cake, to pursue his black career among the hearts of the Davos conjuration? Which, around the worried Klaus Schwab, will try to realize his luciferic plan: to reduce the West into slavery, between confinement to the least pretext (recall that the Omicron variant, yet blessed, was enough to “righteously” the sliding to the very liberticide goes allegedly vaccine in January 2022...), regular mandatory and strange QRCodes injections. Humans marked as an ahuri pet or conserve boxes, and have to show white papata to buy, drink a glass or sell one, and are likely to be “deconnected” at any time. The mark of the beast? It seems, it is true, so pleasant to Macron, that he seeds the figure behind him as the Little Pucet. On the background of Notre-Dame in flames, an object so aesthetic, so beautiful that he decorated, in a golden frame, spiritual color among all, his office in his 2022 campaign launch video. The retro...
23166	45	Far from the mystical deliries that can lend to smile or not, it’s never enough to say: hundreds, thousands of billions of euros (or dollars...) are at stake in the majuscule scam whose presidential election has been the culminating point. Marine Le Pen was denigrated to the caricature from her accession to the second round, the role of the galeuse sheep being held in the first round by Eric Zemmour. This eliminated, from day to day, the media began chasing Marine Le Pen, while systematically saving Macron all the explosive records, from Alstom to McKinsey. We remember the phenomenal tintamarre around the various Fillon cases in 2017, but infinitely less serious...
23166	47	The presidential scam is in the bottom of consistency with the scam of the Covid-19 operation, which itself is only one of the aspects of an even greater scam, in which the funny war with Russia is included.
23166	49	In this fatras of embedded fraud, one should attract our attention especially: the one that has been taking place for a decade, and whose U.S. is pulling out the folds to fill its pockets.
23166	51	It is the supreme fraud that consists in placing U.S. agents at the head of the French state, to lead the pillage or even the demolition of the country.
23166	53	Washington, the vampire of his friends
23166	55	A pillage/demolition operation in which Washington participates personally, where the deep state is so powerful that it can satisfy itself with a statue of wax as a president: the cacochyme Biden.
23166	57	This country completely decades secretly a delightful mix of financial groups managing giant funds (BlackRock alone weighs at least $6.000 billion...), of a so-called instrumentalized Justice, of the arms industry burning extravagant credits, of dollars out of the billboard for decades, finally, last but not least, of tentaculary secret services. It would seem to be an obese USSR at the end of life.
23166	59	The American monster has prospered throughout its short history only on the pillow, massacre and war. But having failed in all the conflicts and attempts of destabilization that he has fostered for twenty years around the world, this sick man of America is inexorably replaced by China and the enormous block it forms with Russia and other countries that refuse its mortal yog. In this great game, because of the lack of better, Uncle Sam remains only to vampire his allies.
23166	61	The means are multiple. You can make trials and condemn European companies to pay pharaonic fines (BNP Paribas case, $9 billion fine) without the French state moving an ear. We can raise true conspiracy and corruption pacts to absorb an industrial flower (Alstom), strategic to civil and military, and find in the operation complicities at the highest level of the French state (Holland, Macron) and civil society. You can reward these high treasures by activating all its networks to make the agent (Macron) so introduced elected to the head of the state. Man can impunely spy the leaders, without the leaders to dismiss them, trust not excluding control. One can directly delegate a leading political leader (Macron) through counseling offices (McKinsey) to launch a Covid-19 operation coordinated internationally by the same kind of offices. Although the virus shows a proven mortality that does not exceed 0.1 per cent in the general population, the WHO’s strategy and propaganda of fear, whose first contributor is Bill Gates (the man who wants to inject all the world), allow the suspension of a large part of public freedoms, the almost mandatory injection of the population, the establishment of a vaccine pass, for the greatest benefit of U.S. firms, once again.
23166	63	More seriously,, this operation ruined the state and social security in unexpected proportions, devastated the economy and society, traumatized the childhood and closed the youth. And ultimately, greatly enriched the wealthiest, the U.S. and international Plutocrates great friends of Macron, who have an open table in Elysée.
23166	65	The Criminal Scam of the Covid-19, Unknown But Giant
23166	67	During the big debate of the two-tours, Macron repeated impunely that the Covid-19 was the largest epidemic in a century. It is a lie that is not revealed or denounced by anyone. Affirming as Macron said that Covid-19 is the largest epidemic in a century is obviously false, since, repeat it, the mortality rate of Covid-19 does not exceed that of a large flu. Even more revealing, the almost harmless nature of Covid-19 for younger than seventy-five years without comorbidities makes it eventually less dangerous than many flu, especially for young adults, adolescents and healthy children, since these are so to say invulnerable to it.
23166	69	So, live on Wednesday 20 April 2022, Macron was able to prevail the greatest lie of our time, which serves to ruin our lives and to ruin the country for two years... without being contradicted!
23166	71	The whole scam of the Covid-19 consisted of predicting a kind of carabinated flu to laminate France in depth, and serving its people with an extraordinary effectiveness. The operation was made possible by a series of manipulations, including political and media. But also because of what is one of the most horrible aspects of this case: the prohibition of treatment. Thus caused deaths allowed to feed the narrative of fear. In this regard, since mass murder has been put to the service of a political intention, we are well faced with a crime against humanity. But saying this means being classified among the conspirators, and therefore being unheardable because literally demonized. A rhetoric that allows to neutralize this terrible argument that was the ban of treatments, from Hydroxychloroquin to Ivermectin through Azithromycin, with its thousands of induced deaths...
23166	73	All this with a primary goal: the predation.
23166	75	France is devoted with the help of the maker Macron, helped by the CIA-related networks that quadrilate the political, media and economic environments. There are even a few soldiers among these networks, the most iconic of which is the Young Leaders of the French-American Foundation mentioned above.
23166	77	At the beginning of the Fifth Republic, De Gaulle, abandoning the Africans and Algeria, destroying the Empire, definitively dropped from the map France as a world power of all the top. It has been occupied by many centuries.
23166	79	At the crépuscule of the Fifth Republic, it is France all short, or what remains, that Macron could well liquidate once and for all. Thus, with Macron, the oldest nation in Europe would disappear, a victim of an engrange in the form of machinery.
23166	81	Behind Macron and behind De Gaulle, there are the United States. From brothers John Foster and Allen Dulles to the French-American Foundation.
23166	83	The United States dynamized the Greatest France with De Gaulle. The same United States ends France with Macron. We are living in the last phase, the stocade phase.
23166	85	Today, in the grapes of those who destroy us, who vampire us, who eat us, whose servant Macron is, the marionette animated by McKinsey that he pays at the price of gold as in a faustian tale, we just signed for five more years.
23166	87	If Macron gets the majority in the Assembly, and everything leaves to fear that he will have it, it will end with us.
23167	1	Dupond-Moretti votes for Mélenchon: the same hatred of the police
23167	3	This self-proclaimed expert in the fight against the RN and the extreme right has the costume of the militant for the defense of the voyous who, according to him, are the collateral victims of the right-wing turn of society. He prophesied the anti-Fascist propaganda and the ghost threat of the extreme right-wing vote.
23167	5	Dupond-Moretti is strong at the end of July 2022. France and the French see with anxiety the progress of anything among the Macron ministers. Radio-TV is the only element that really counts for Dupond-Moretti who runs to the fight against the RN and the extreme right but not on the ground.
23167	7	Dupond-Moretti in the Nupes: Injustice. and anger. and frustration. Words are weak when you can no longer believe in the word of a minister. The great betrayal was finally recognized. And suddenly, calmly, Dupond-Moretti acknowledges having voted NUPES. (Gabrielle Cluzel, bvoltaire.fr) Scandal? Eric Dupond-Moretti’s little phrase has made no strict noise in the media. This revelation deserves more attention.
23167	9	Without shame, Dupond-Moretti acknowledges he has voted NUPES, the party of those who scream “the police kills,” who parade alongside Assa Traoré, and the one who praises to have sold the drug!
23167	11	Dupond-Moretti tells strongly: “There are a number of NUPES members who are Republicans. I think of those who belong to a government party. In my district, I voted for someone of the NUPES who belonged to the Democratic Left. But, for the national right, everything is to be thrown.
23167	13	For the extreme left, Dupond-Moretti practices delicate republican respect. There is a moral because the NUPES candidate in question, who was supposed to be an EELV candidate, Emilie Ducourant, was beat against RN candidate Pierrick Berteloot. She didn’t answer if she was solidary to Sandrine Rousseau and if she also thought that the police killed. So here is the democratic left as Eric Dupond-Moretti conceived.
23167	15	And at the same time, 73% of the French are unhappy with Justice, highlighting its laxism!
23167	17	For Macron’s support to the extreme left, Dupond-Moretti is a strong symbol.
23167	19	For Dupond-Moretti, the priority of criminal policy is given to the ideology of the extreme left. Dupond-Moretti is unlikely to contaminate the common sense of the French. Nevertheless, he did not highlight the very poor level of Macron’s ministers: it is indignant to all our Republican principles.
23167	21	The French victims of the voyous are parias that Dupond-Moretti humiliates with enthusiasm, even though criminals without papers and violent clandestines are allowed to act always impunity.
23167	23	Can we understand Dupond-Moretti’s absurd government logic? We are waiting for a rational explanation on the fact that Dupond-Moretti acknowledges without shame that he has voted NUPES! This is a world glory. His fortune is global. It is among the paperless foreign migrants that he has found his best allies in his struggle against the RN and the National Right, such as the right to a Palestinian state against Israel, a so-called colonial state. All pro-Algeria statements of Macron were accepted without criticism.
23167	25	And if he did not become a cult phraseologist in Algeria, at least he did not decredit the FLN to power. Macron was hoping to make theatre. Candidate President, he wanted to make us his cinema in Algeria!
23167	27	Macron is not anyone in Algeria, as Dupond-Moretti is in prison. That’s why Dupond-Moretti prefers to vote for the neo-Marxist NUPES Islamic-Light Parliamentary Members without joining the liberal catechism of the vulgar Macronia. Because Dupond-Moretti did not experience the misery of the victims of violence in the lost neighborhoods of the Republic. The revolutionary violence is at the heart of the neo-marxist ideology of the NUPES. Dupond-Moretti, this man who thinks like Melanchon, raises doubt in the vulgar Macronia. It offers the possibility of an immeasurable rebellion in prisons.
23167	29	"And this broken presidential fate of Mélenchon makes it more than a great politician. For Dupond-Moretti, there is like a hero in him! And he likes what makes him like the figure of the cowboy with ""the police kills""!"
23167	31	Dupond-Moretti's talk mythology is made in detail, raised by a mother who earned her life by making households. For him, it is a good tone for the left to consider the RN vote with negligence. It is far from exceeding the intellectuals of the left of the head and shoulders! The anti-fascist reference gourou is Mélenchon who, from the top of his Islam-left arrogance, extends his level of philosophical incompetence.
23167	33	Dupond-Moretti at the Nupes: No one stigmatizes his partiality! It would be completely forgotten and its reputation would always be at the lowest level, completely disregarded by the world of justice, if it did not support the Nupes! He is an isolated man, lost in the Nupes. The great spirits do not hate Dupond-Moretti, they ignore it. Today we measure the way that Macron has gone by regaining Dupond-Moretti!
23167	35	The French observes that the collapse of justice in France is a result of Dupond-Moretti’s ideological certainty that makes Macron more and more persona non grata among the majority of the French. That is why its immigration policy is subject to the cosmopolitan ethical and political values of the EU and to the mystification of human rights. With Macron and Dupond-Moretti, we are in full ideology.
23167	37	Macron and Dupond-Moretti want to impose the transition to a true liberal, sectarian left with the total dishumanization of the globalist immigration policy of the EU.
23167	39	Justice without freedom is dictatorship and freedom without justice is the law of the strongest.
23167	41	Eric Zemmour: We must regain control of our country!
23168	1	Macron is concerned about the presence of Russia in Africa
23168	3	During a tour in Africa, Emmanuel Macron showed concern over the Russian influence on the African continent. The French president is trying to rehearn a flame that has slowly disappeared in recent years.
23168	5	Emmanuel Macron arrived in Cameroon to start his African tour. He wants to restore relations between Africa and France that are in loss of speed. In Yaoundé he met with President Paul Biya. But at the press conference that followed this interview, Mr. Macron considered the presence of Russia in Africa “threatening.”
23168	7	If he first mentioned the presence of “a great political and military power” which developed relations with several countries, which is normal in the great concert of nations, then he showed himself more aggressive by calling this Russian presence “hybrid.”
23168	9	To explain this hybrid presence, he did not hesitate to show the Russian media RT and Sputnik, banned in the European Union following a decision of the European Commission. After Cameroon, Emmanuel Macron will take a step in Benin and Guinea-Bissau.
23168	11	A visit under tension
23168	13	The Cameroon bi-weekly Sans Détour said in its 25th-July edition Emmanuel Macron’s visit was “mined land.” For the media, this stay hides the challenges that resume in preserving a pre-carred pan against rival influences. The question of the succession of Paul Biya, 89, may also be on the table according to the newspaper. Then he will try to solve the different historics with Yaoundé related to the colonization that had been murderous, said Without Return.
23168	15	This position is also shared by La Voix du Centre, a weekly newspaper that titled about this visit: “For what purposes? “. The newspaper claims that the French President has never been tender with his Cameroon counterpart although the two countries have long cooperation relations.
23168	17	French influence in speed loss
23168	19	France’s position in Africa has weakened in recent years. The Barkhane operation in the Sahel and Sahara since 2014 by France has led to the withdrawal of the French army in the region. This French presence was criticized in the region.
23168	21	A 2021 Mali-Metro survey that asked the Malians to express their complaints against Barkhane revealed that 73% of respondents blamed the French military for not protecting the populations from violence. The second complaint was to be a complicate of the armed forces (45%) and the third complaint was that the force was unable to protect itself.
23168	23	At the same time, Bamako turned to Moscow. In May 2022, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov visited Mali where he met his counterpart Abdoulaye Diop. Lavrov agreed on military support to the Mali armed forces and assured that Moscow will continue to supply to Mali wheat, mineral fertilizers and oil products.
23169	3	Electoral promises of E. Macron often turns out to analyze himself, after they were executed, in an announcement of “bad blow” (contra an acquisition, a freedom, a prerogative of the state) covered with gift paper.
23169	5	It is obviously the same with the promise to remove the TV fee that the National Assembly has just voted.
23169	7	We want to reduce the deficit and eliminate a fee... always without increasing taxes!
23169	9	A 10-year-old child would find this “wonderful.”
23169	11	It was said that it was the preparatory phase of privatization. According to the process known: the state gradually withdraws from financing, and the institution must find itself the funds it needs to function. Just as you do with the university or the public hospital. (Who are the services “trader” in the “European” social ideology.) After that, the status of the organization is changed.
23169	13	that it falls into the hands of private investors (PTT, Edf, airports, etc...).
23169	15	The public information chains, led by people in line with the governors, tell what the government needs, especially to keep the population in a kind of stable state, and away from the round-point.
23169	17	We are, under a certain report, in the 1958 situation in which the public audio-visual was controlled by the executive authority.
23169	19	But there is a difference in size.
23169	21	It is that in 1958 the written press was hostile to the person and concepts of General de Gaulle: therefore the idea of controlling public television and radio so that the voice of the government – at the time: general interest, dignity of France in the world – can be heard.
23169	23	And it is that today the private media is fighting alongside the head of state in favour of a social ideology in which the free business life is, inside, considered to be a place of general interest. And in which submission to the United States is, outside, considered the path leading to universal salvation.
23169	25	It is also known that European texts make the heads of states and governments of ancient nations, kinds of businessmakers, allowing private investors to acquire what was so far owned, controlled or regulated by the state. That is, what belonged to the people in a previous version of the notion of democracy. I have seen that E. Macron was (Alstom, the World, Mc Kinsey,...) a virtuose in this matter.
23169	27	So privatizing the public media would now not change anything in the facts.
23169	29	But if one thinks about the future, if one thinks that one day the head of state will be a new one, if one thinks that the parliamentarians will represent a people who has recovered the right to decide what is good for him, it is necessary that the institutions of the state have the means to be heard.
23169	31	It would have seemed cautious to us that the state retains, in this perspective, the hand on some of the audio-visual media. The patron of the channels and radios then do that day... only continue to be at the orders. But for another (and better) cause.
2317	1	Russia helps Donbass, France militarizes Ukraine
2317	3	France will increase its global aid to Ukraine to $2 billion against $1.7 billion so far, which is $300 million extra, Emmanuel Macron announced on Thursday in a video broadcast at the international donor conference. $2 billion in the pocket of the French taxpayers without their agreement! 2 billion is widespread spending while the students’ APLs are lowered, the pensions are not revalued and it is seriously a matter of reducing the unemployed allocations...for lack of money! The state treasures are empty for the French but full for the Ukrainians, look for the mistake.
2317	5	A financial aid that is based on state lies, scattered for a long time on television, radio and in the written press to better hunt the flower to French sheep.
2317	7	So far, we have supplied to Ukraine 615 tons of equipment delivered with the support of the European Union, including medicines, medical equipment, electrical groups for hospitals, accommodation assistance, food assistance and 200 tons of potato plants to strengthen food safety, rescue and fire fighting equipment. Plants of potatoes. For what to do? To plant them in the fields destroyed by the war? Does it grow, the potatoes, under the missiles?
2317	9	In addition to this and all these apparent good intentions, we have primarily provided defence equipment for a value of 100 million euros: means of protection, optronic equipment, weapons and ammunition, Milan weapons systems – among others – meeting the needs expressed by Ukraine. And France continues to provide Ukraine with additional military capabilities, always officially in response to the needs expressed by the Ukrainian authorities and in coordination with its European partners and allies... to the needs expressed by Zelensky, unless it is to those of the United States that push Europe with all their forces towards a Third World War? The question can be asked.
2317	11	Who is Macron laughing? On the one hand we send help and on the other means of killing, destroying and fighting until the last Ukrainian... Macron is repeating to us the story of the little pig that is fated to make it better roast at Christmas or the pascal lamb cheated, goldened and well fed to better burn it in the spring.
2317	13	Since March 2, the Russian Federation has delivered 20 437,4 tons of humanitarian aid to Ukraine. A real aid, consisting of drugs, food, coverings, etc. 1,017 humanitarian actions have been carried out on the ground in the cities that have suffered the bombings. More than 23,000 tons of first-need products have been gathered in Russia’s collection points for their next shipment.
2317	15	Certainly the angry will tell me that it is the least Russia can do after “invasing” Ukraine, that Russia “attacked” Ukraine. Once and for all, no. Russia has neither attacked nor invaded Ukraine. Russia just responded to the call to help the inhabitants of the Donbass region threatened by the Ukrainian army massed at its door.
2317	17	The difference between the action of Russia and France... Russia is sincere! Vladimir Putin has never wanted to make war against women, children, and the elderly. What Vladimir Putin wants with this “special operation”, which is the name of war only for the West, is to eradicate, once and for all, the Ukrainian militias wearing Nazi signs so that the Russian-speaking populations can live safely. While France, on its side, as well as Europe, continues to put oil on fire by sending to Ukraine weapons intended only to push the local population to its own destruction, by sending on the front the 18-year-olds who have never seen a weapon of their lives.
23170	3	When will the French state, depositary according to the law of legitimate violence, see the Abdeslam, the Merah and other Kouachi brothers who are legion in France?
23170	5	When will the chickens have teeth or when will the French have thrown out the globalist cast represented by Macron?
23170	7	According to the Palestinian Ministry of Health, two Palestinians aged 25 and 28 were found dead during an Israeli operation in the West Bank. According to the Palestinian Red Crescent, 19 other people were injured, ten of which were shot.
23170	9	Two Palestinians were killed and 19 others injured in the night of July 23 to 24 in Naples, during the new night operations carried out in the occupied West Bank by the Israeli army, which explained the desire to arrest persons sought for their involvement in attacks. According to the Palestinian Ministry of Health, Mouhamad Azizi (25 years old) was killed by a ball in the chest and Abdul Rahman Suleiman Sobh (28 years old) was hit by a ball in the head. The Palestinian Red Crescent that 19 people were injured, ten of them by real bullets.
23170	11	The Israeli army has said it has conducted the “counter-terrorist operations” in the West Bank. She “shoot exchanges between armed suspects and troops” during an operation in Naples, north of the Palestinian territory occupied by Israel since 1967. “Explosive machinery and stones were thrown towards Israeli soldiers in Naples by rebels who also opened fire towards troops,” the army added, who claims to have responded by “anti-revolutions and real-world bullets.”
23170	13	"""In total, four individuals suspected of terrorist activities were arrested during the night"" during the Israeli operations in the West Bank, the army said in a statement."
23170	15	Israeli Prime Minister calls “effective and successful” operation, Palestinian presidency denounces “crime”
23170	17	Israeli Prime Minister Yair Lapid said at the meeting of his cabinet on July 24 that “the army, the Shin Bet [internal security service] and the Yamam [police command] had made a drop in the repairs of people searched in Naples this night.”
23170	19	These are terrorists who have recently conducted firearm attacks,” he added. “We’re not going to sit and wait for them to attack Israeli citizens,” he said, praising an ‘effective and successful’ operation carried out by the security forces.
23170	21	The spokesman for the Palestinian presidency, Nabil Abou Roudeina, denounced a “new Israeli crime that will not start the determination and will of our people” in statements repeated by the public agency Wafa. “The region will remain in a cycle of violence until the end of [Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories] and a fair peace,” he said.
23170	23	Since the end of March, Israeli security forces have conducted almost daily operations in the West Bank as a result of a series of attacks by Palestinians and Israeli Arabs in Israel and the West Bank in which 19 people, mostly civilians, have lost their lives.
23170	25	During these Israeli military operations, at least 52 Palestinians and three Israeli Arab assailers were killed, partly members of armed groups but also civilians, including the star journalist of the Qatar channel Al-Jazeera, Shireen Abu Akleh, who covered an operation in Jennine.
23173	3	"In Avdeevka, in the People's Republic of Donetsk, the neo-Nazi, under the pretext of being saved from artillery shots, brought civilians to the territory of the coke factory and held them as ""human shield."" At the same time, in the company, the activists placed artillery and LRMs, from which they systematically bomb neighboring locations."
23173	5	The purpose of these cynical actions of Ukrainian nationalists is to trigger a fire of repressions, after which, according to a scenario already developed with a wide coverage in the media, to accuse the Russian Armed Forces and the formations of the Donetsk People's Republic of the death of civilians as a result of apparently blind attacks.
23173	7	Such facts of flagrant violations of international humanitarian law by the Kiev regime continue to be ignored by the international community and international organizations.
23173	9	The Ministry of Defense of Russia asks the United Nations, the International Committee of the Red Cross and other international organizations, to have an impact on the official of Kiev and to take effective measures to prevent the use by Ukrainian armed groups of civil infrastructure for military purposes.Al Jazeera: the head of the SSU was dismissed for intelligence escape, and the general prosecutor was dismissed for pot-de-vin
23174	1	Ukrainian soldiers serving laboratory rats? Russia says it has found two more U.S. military biological laboratories on the liberated Donbass territories.
23174	3	The progress of the Russian army allows to discover what was happening on Ukrainian territories controlled by the U.S. and NATO forces. Two more biological military laboratories have been discovered in the liberated territory of Lougansk, in Rubejnoe and Severodonetsk. Furthermore, information about the state of health of Ukrainian soldiers shows that they obviously served as laboratory mice. Let’s see how long this text will remain published, without being removed, as the previous on these U.S. financing programs of military biological laboratories in Ukraine.
23174	5	According to Russian sources, for now discreet, the Russian army had found two U.S. biological laboratories in the cities of Rubejnoe and Severodonetsk, on the territory of the Lougansk region.
23174	7	Since the withdrawal from the Ukrainian army was rapid, it was not possible to conquer or destroy the content of these laboratories, but everything was carefully mined. Representatives of the law enforcement forces are on the site, as well as experts, to understand what was going on in these laboratories.
23174	9	The Russian Defence Ministry said on March 6 that the US spent more than $200 million on Ukrainian military biological laboratories.
23174	11	According to the report, the Pentagon and the Department of Defense Threat Reduction Administration (DTRA), as well as Black & Veatch (Overland Park, Kansas) and CH2M Hill (Englewood, Colorado) participated in the U.S. side program, and the Kievsky Gromashevsky Research Institute on Epidemiology and Infectious Diseases, the Institute of Veterinary Medicine (Kiev), the Center for Public Health of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine (Kiev), the Mechnikov Institute of Microbiology and Immunology (Kharkiv), the Ukrainian Centre for Pest Research (Odessa), the Institute of Epidemiology and Hygiene Research.
23174	13	Of the thirty Ukrainian laboratories, which participated in the U.S. military program, 11 laboratories of the Central Department of Epidemiological Health of the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense participated in the monitoring of the biological situation, the selection and transfer of stems, etc. In addition, a pathogen access control (PACS) has been established. The Russian Ministry of Defense says:
23174	15	It should be noted that stems and biomaterials were collected and transferred to the US Army Reed Research Institute. These are samples of highly pathogenic spheres of pathogenic agents of infectious diseases (pest, coal, cholera, tularemia, brucellosis, Crimea-Congo virus, hantavirus, tick encephalitis virus and leptospirosis), as well as 4000 biomedical samples from members of the Ukrainian army.
23174	17	Since then, Russian doctors have examined Ukrainian military prisoners and made strange discoveries, confirming that these soldiers have been subject to medical trials for years, because their rate of illness is largely above the normal average:
23174	19	“One-third of the military examined had (or are currently sick) hepatitis A, more than four percent had a fever with kidney syndrome, the other twenty percent suffered from a disease named exotic West Nile fever.”
23174	21	It is obvious that platforms and media block any publication on the topic, which is really too sensitive... and scandalous. It is better to understand the atlantic bouthism, which cannot afford to see reveal its secrets of poor families.23175
23175	3	The Ministry of Defense of Russia at an informational meeting on the results of the analysis of documents relating to the U.S. military of organic activity on the territory of Ukraine, revealed the circumstances of the Tic infections study program, which were dealt with by U.S. microbiologists within the framework of three projects DTRA (Management of threat reduction, entering the structure of the Pentagon).
23175	5	The Ministry of Defense of Russia on U.S. projects UP-1 and UP-8 funded by DTRA, research cycles on the vital activity of tick infections in Ukraine. A project aimed at studying ixodic acarians, which are carrier of a number of dangerous infections (tularemia, West Nile fever, Congo-Crimean fever), has been separately. According to the ministry, experts from the University of Texas have participated in the implementation of the latter.
23175	7	It was that the collection of tics was carried out mainly in the south-eastern regions of Ukraine, where there are natural sites of infections, which are characteristic of the territory of Russia.
23175	9	It is to be noted that the implementation of U.S. projects on the study of tick infections has coincided with a significant increase in the incidence of the Ukrainian population of tick borreliosis. At the same time, it was an increase in the population of tics in several Russian regions at the border with Ukraine. It is that this circumstance is already being studied by specialized Russian experts in collaboration with specialists from the Russian Ministry of Defense.
23175	11	“In the past, we had emphasized the importance of the results of the military biology projects carrying the UP code name for the Pentagon. Note the report prepared for the US military department by the companies Black&Veatch and Metabiota. According to the document, simultaneously with the UP projects in Ukraine, “Veterinary projects” with the TAP figure have been implemented,” – the defense ministry said.
23175	13	The main objective of the UP projects, according to the Ministry of Defense, which included studies on diseases transmitted by the tics, is to identify the “economically important quarantine infections” that can harm the population or agricultural activities at the level of regions or countries as a whole.
23176	1	The spectrum of the decline of Western unity
23176	3	For example, Americans often compulsively talk about firearms, which they consider as a means of ensuring their personal security. It’s because they lack cruel personal security: at any time, a crazy manic armed up to the teeth (there are millions who circulate freely among them) can come to attack them and make them disappear – while they sleep, they’re going to get their children to school, they’re sitting on the toilets or they’re down to pick up a penny. They are armed up to their teeth and live in a paranoid state of anger.
23176	5	Another example: U.S. leaders compulsively mention “freedom and democracy.” These are things they are supposed to possess and they must spread over the rest of the planet, whether it wants it or not. More specifically, the rest of the planet should not be allowed to vote democratically against this American absurdity of “freedom and democracy” and to be blessingly free from it. Since the United States itself is not a democracy (as it can be easily proven with figures), what American politicians mean “democracy” is all other than that.
23176	7	But most of the world has already understood, alone, what is or is not “democratic” in the American language: those who follow the American dictates are democratic; those who want to follow their own advice are anti-democratic. That’s all we have to do: Democrats are obedient while disobedient are dictators who have to be overthrown. Since this scheme is obviously selfish and stupid, the circle of obedience continues to shrink and includes only the EU and NATO countries, plus the Anglo-Saxon countries and some dispersed colonies and dependencies. And even this circle is now apparently scattering on the edges.
23176	9	And this leads us to the next fiercely desirable, but cruelly lacking, ghost entity to compulsively speak at every international meeting where representatives of the United States or the EU are: The unity of the West, after which all kinds of stupid and self-destructive actions are tempted, whether it is to throw money and weapons to Ukrainian thieves (without worrying about their destination) or to impose self-destructive sanctions on Russia (without worrying about what its own people will burn but will burn their food). Since the substance behind these foolish actions becomes rather toxic as a subject of public speech, the discussions tend to turn short-circuit towards public unity demonstrations rather than unified actions: “Hey, see, everyone, we have given some more balls to the Ukrainians, thus delaying their inevitable defeat by a few more seconds! »
23176	11	Some manifestations of Western unity are so pathetically self-destructive that they deserve a special mention. The infected small Baltic states are led by people whose main ambition is to produce pathetic demonstrations of Western unity in opposition to “Russian aggression” while their true fear is that Russia simply ignores them. That’s what the Americans told them to do, and that’s what they’ll do, it doesn’t like their local people.
23176	13	Thus, the Lithuanian leaders, in a paroxysm of suicidal madness, blocked the Russian transit through Lithuanian territory to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad. They said they only follow the EU sanctions against Russia; but these sanctions say nothing about the transit between the Russian enclave and Russia and apply to Russian trade with the EU. In addition, a permanent agreement between Russia and the EU specifically allows this type of transit. In a rare demonstration of good sense, EU leaders, then Germany, told Lithuania, in very clear terms, to stop. This has immersed the Lithuanian leaders in a state of shock in which they have persisted for a week now.
23176	15	And then there is this little crustling fact: while Russia can transfer all the Kaliningrad traffic on trains between this port and its giant port recently built in Ust-Luga (Leningrad region), it can also literally block all Lithuania (as well as Lithuania and neighboring Estonia) by stopping all the rail traffic between Poland and Lithuania, which must pass through Kaliningrad. In fact, the railways of the Baltic countries are at the Russian distance, wider, and the transfer point between the wagons that use the European rails of 1.435 mm and those that use the Russian distance of 1.520 mm used throughout the former USSR is in Kaliningrad. The cessation of this transfer would reduce by about half the Baltic economies, already in decline (inflation in Lithuania is above 20 percent).
23176	17	But Lithuanian lead foot is just a little pathetic secondary show. The main spectacle of the Western unity was supposed to be focused on the G7 meeting held in an isolated German castle, the Schloss Elmau, far from the scattered crowd of protesters. In this isolated place, representatives of the United States, Germany, Britain, Italy, Canada, France and Japan were supposed to demonstrate their unity with regard to Russian activities in ancient Ukraine. Since all their previous decisions had no effect on the position of Russia, some people expressed the great hope that a decisive action would result from this gathering. It is interesting to note that at this gathering, two chaperons of the European Union (Ursula von der Leyen and Charles Michel) were also present; thus, not only Western unity is cruely lacking, but also Western sovereignty.
23176	19	The first element of this decisive action was the U.S. proposal to sanction the sales of Russian gold, which accounts for 10% of global production. Germany, France and Italy did not support this courageous initiative, giving it back to other EU members, who were not present, and the proposal fell like a lead ball.
23176	21	The second new element is the proposal to boost the price of Russian oil. The methods for the G7's threshold of a Russian-controlled product were left to the assessment of the participants, who did not hear about it anymore.
23176	23	If the threshold was higher than the market price for Russian brut, then the threshold would work empty; if it was lower, then Russia would simply refuse to sell at that price. In response, the global oil price would immediately rise. Russia would then be able to offer privileged customer discounts to its non-G7 buyers, to capture the manna and,, to use it to buy other missiles in order to kill the last Ukrainian Nazis. Take it, Putin!
23176	25	The subject of Ukraine was an additional, although very necessary, divergence in relation to the main topic initially planned for the G7 meeting: the fight against climate change. Here, most discussions were on the return to the use of fossil fuels. In this sense, the unit has prevailed, but at the price of throwing over the edge any dream of mitigating climate change.
23176	27	The initial impulse behind the compressor roll of climate change was to show virtue by installing many expensive wind and solar parks in the wealthy countries of the West, while threatening to impose all kinds of fines and fees to the less wealthy nations who are forced to burn dirty coal that warms the climate in order to produce products that the West purchases with printed money. But now that this strategy has failed, the West is no longer rich and, after refusing to use the clean and abundant Russian natural gas, it is busy reopening its coal power plants and finding enough coal to feed them. Meanwhile, the green agenda is thrown through the window. The forgotten Greta Tunberg has briefly made one of the newspapers; the poor Greta is now suspected of being a Russian agent!
23176	29	It is interesting to note that coal is good to provide a basic load but unnecessary for fast maneuver, making it incompatible with the variable and intermittent energy production of wind and solar parks; therefore, these expensive toys will have to stay disconnected from the network most times. It is also interesting to note that Russia supplies about a fifth of the world’s coal exports and that it won’t really be affected when the EU will pass from Russian natural gas (a relatively clean fuel that can be used directly for transport and which is very useful as raw material for making many products, from plastic to fertilizer) to Russian coal (which is far from being as versatile). Take it again, Putin.
23176	31	Ukraine was the next point on the agenda. It was quickly admitted that the G7 can’t do anything to stop Russia’s special military operation in former Ukraine. In addition, Western unity has been difficult to, the British Boris Johnson has warned French President Emmanuel Macron that it is not time to talk about a diplomatic solution. If we consider that the day before the start of the summit, the United States and Germany called for a diplomatic solution to the Ukrainian conflict, this is not Boris Johnson’s most unifying gesture; but the latter really needs that Ukraine stay in fire as long as possible to distract the attention of its voters from the disastrous economic situation of its country and the incessant scandals within its own cabinet. Unlike Germany, Britain is not (now) flooded by unpleasant Ukrainian migrants, many of whom are allergic to work and believe they have the right to the government’s amounts.
23176	33	As it is now the tradition in the Western assemblies, the united dignitaries brought out the Ouija plate and invoked the spirit of Zelensky, the convocted Ukrainian president. As usual, Zelensky asked for more weapons to be supplied to him (to sell them to terrorists or to the Russians destroy them before they reach the front lines). When, later, the Bundeskanzler Scholz was asked if he could offer specific guarantees regarding Ukraine, he demonstrated his usual sense of bizarre humor by saying, “Yes, I could,” immediately followed by, “It’s all.”
23176	35	The only concrete measure taken was the acceptance of a $600 billion infrastructure plan to promote green energy in Africa, Latin America and Asia. This is a symbolic gesture intended to counter the Chinese Road and Belt initiative. For this purpose, representatives of South Africa, India, Indonesia, Argentina and Senegal were invited to the G7. It was wished in a fairly transparent way that these countries join the good struggle against Russia in ancient Ukraine. How did this happen?
23176	37	South Africa is a member of the BRICS whose main members are Russia and China. The BRICS appeared as a major non-Western counterweight in the G7. This is also the case of India, which is now a major purchaser of Russian crude oil and exports refined oil products to the United States and elsewhere. Argentina has declared its intention to join the BRICS, as well as Iran. Senegal, which currently presides the African Union, was one of the first countries to send its leader to Moscow after the start of the special military operation in former Ukraine in February last year. None of the representatives of these countries said an accusatory word about this at the G7 summit before or after.
23176	39	So, apart from the ghost deal of $600 billion to build some wind and solar parks in various remote regions of the world, nothing has been achieved at the G7, which shows the futility of the existence of this organization.
23176	41	Let’s now go to the NATO summit, which took place on June 29 and 30 in Madrid, and which also had to demonstrate a unity of the West against Russia that has not realised itself. Germany and France insisted on preserving the Founding Act on Relations, Cooperation and Mutual Security between NATO and the Russian Federation signed in 1997. However, while this document describes Russia as a partner, NATO’s current doctrinal documents view Russia as the main threat to the alliance. To this end, NATO plans to bring to 300,000 men the size of its “high-level preparation” contingent in Eastern Europe, which would bring it closer to the size of the Ukrainian army in February last year, which the Russians rejected and practically destroyed in three months with a small fraction of their army.
23176	43	In a demonstration of unity with France and Germany, the representative of Poland, Zbigniew Rau, said that Poland considers that the Founding Act is expired, as demonstrated by NATO expansion on the Eastern Front, while Scholz said it was still in force. Poland appears to be increasingly under British custody. The British are worried to secure a new source of canon meat after fighting Russia until the last Ukrainian, and the Poles, by a bizarre of their national character, are always ready and willing to do exactly what should not be done.
23176	45	The main intrigue of the NATO summit was the acceptance or non-acceptance of Sweden and Finland in the NATO. Sweden has been neutral since the Treaty of Nystad of 1721; Finland, after being liberated from Sweden, then obtained the independence of Russia, then fought against Russia alongside Hitler's troops, has sworn on neutrality during the Treaty of Paris in 1947. The accession of these two countries to NATO directly violates the terms of these treaties and constitutes a violation of the sovereignty of these countries; in other words, Russia would no longer be legally obliged to respect the borders of these countries or to maintain legal relations with their governments.
23176	47	These subtilities of international law may not make any difference for the collective and very unified West that chooses to dwell in its own “rule-based international order” solipsist (the rules are somewhat ad hoc, created gradually, in Washington), but for the rest of the world, the primacy of treaties on national law is fundamental and the legal relations with Russia are essential.
23176	49	As for Russia, Putin said he was not opposed to Sweden and Finland joining NATO. So why would he oppose it? What’s wrong with the fact that these two small undefense countries, symbolically supported by the fracturated and chancelling Mastodon that is NATO, choose to go into the bear’s mouth by breaching their conventional obligations? (In particular, according to the Paris Treaty, the decision of Finland to join a military alliance must be approved by the United Nations Security Council, and that approval has not even been requested).
23176	51	But that might not go so far. In order for Sweden and Finland to join NATO, Turkish President Erdogan has called for them to stop supporting Kurdish terrorists and to expel to Turkey those that the latter wants to judge. The Kurdish faction is politically fairly powerful in Sweden and it could well overthrow the Swedish government in response to these attempts to destroy it. And Finland said it would not join NATO if Sweden did not. At the NATO summit, Erdogan gave his approval to countercourse, but with many conditions, and the final decision is now back to the Turkish parliament. This is for the unity of NATO.
23176	53	On the very important topic of the former Ukraine, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg made his usual speech on the uninterrupted support to Ukraine, but no one said a single word in favour of the offer of real security guarantees. NATO offers non- lethal support, but lethal weapons can only come from individual NATO members, Stoltenberg said.
23176	55	Biden further clarified the situation by saying that the United States will stand next to Ukraine to make sure that it doesn’t win. (It is, that the Russians don’t win, then he changed his version of the facts.) This level of honesty, when the task is to lie, can only come from a dementia mind. According to CNN, a wrath debate in the White House on what could be considered an Ukrainian victory, since declaring the victory and returning home, whatever the result, is what Americans generally try to do. Per the simple fact that Kiev has not yet been occupied by the Russian forces is enough to declare that it is a global victory?
23176	57	A discussion on the placement of small NATO contingents in the former Ukrainian territory, far from the front line, failed, because of fear of an escalation of the situation with Russia. The consensus on this initiative was difficult to obtain. In total, NATO seemed to adopt a perfectly passive position towards Russia as regards former Ukraine. In response, Western media prepared the public to accept the idea of a peace treaty negotiated in former Ukraine.
23176	59	But is it even possible? Russia follows a simple and faultless logic. If an ancient Ukrainian territory is populated by Russians who want to be with Russia, then it must be released. The Lugansk region is free since yesterday, the Donetsk region is the following. Kherson is almost free, but Kharkov, Zaporozhye and Nikolaev are unfinished tasks. And there has never been any doubt in the mind of anyone that Odessa is also Russian. Oh, and let’s not forget Dniepropetrovsk and Sumy. Is Kiev Russian? Well, it has been so for most of the last thousand years, about a decade!
23176	61	But the liberation of this only territory would still subject it to the bombings of long-range Ukrainian weapons, many of which are supplied by the West. Therefore, the Russians cannot stop and have to release even more territory - which also becomes subject to attacks. Since the line of departure between Ukrainians and Russians is known to be unclean, there is no obvious stop to this process until the Russian territory directly reaches the territory occupied by NATO. At that time, the Russians will be likely to say, “Naturally, let’s make a market.”
23176	63	There is also no internal political reason to stop: the public opinion approves the special military operation in ancient Ukraine at 72%, Putin’s personal popularity rate reaches historical summits, the evening information is full of courageous liberators welcomed with open arms by the newly released inhabitants, who make the mass shoulder to receive their Russian passport, all overwhelmed with photos of schools, children’s gardens and residential buildings destroyed by the retirement Ukrainian artillery. The message of the inhabitants to the Russian troops is as follows: “Continue! »
23176	65	On the other hand, there are very good reasons not to negotiate with the Ukrainian regime. First, it is in no way sovereign or autonomous. Zelensky's close guard, essentially British, protects him from his own Nazi fanatics; at the same time, his orders come directly from Washington. Negotiating with the EU on the former Ukraine has already been tempted and at this point Russia has no reason to trust the EU. And there is also no reason to negotiate with the United States about the former Ukraine, because why should the United States be there?
23176	67	In fact, the United States is likely to withdraw within its own borders and seriously consider important issues such as abortion, firearm control and national bankruptcy. While the G7 and NATO are still trying to listen to them, the rest of the world is no longer as attentive.
23176	69	Take, for example, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, who will be the next host of the G20 meeting. Biden asked him to expel Russia from the G20 in response to the special military operation. Instead, Widodo visited Moscow and signed two important agreements: a $13 billion agreement for the construction of a oil refinery with the help of the Russian company Rosneft and another with RZhD, the Russian national railway company, for the construction of 190 km of railways.
23176	71	The ability of the United States to command the whole world is over. The unipolar world is dead; the world is not either multipolar, it is non-polar. No one is concerned about specifically defining one or the other of these new poles. The countries are no longer along a spectrum or even on a map: they are in a multidimensional layer.
23176	73	Look at the state of all the major Western projects. The idea of a transition to green energies to fight global warming is dead; apparently, coal is the new hydrogen. (It may be Obama’s ‘clean coal’.) The Great Rehabilitation took the path of the coronavirus. “Build Back Better” has become “Break Back Faster”. All these absurdities are dying from a long and painful death on the ash of ancient Ukraine. A large piece of the old world order has fallen from the landing trains of a jet leaving from Kabul, Afghanistan. The rest will be shut down when the Kiev regime collapses and dies.
23176	75	Even the most western countries discover, one by one, that the American path does not lead anywhere. Today, the question ofining the unity of the West resumes to an old question: “If all your friends jump from a rock, do you jump too? »
23176	77	From now on, the background music suitable for any speech on “Western Unity” is a funeral song.
23177	1	Why is Russia not isolated from the rest of the world?
23177	3	"At the end of March, #Macron assured us of the growing isolation of #Russia. Four months later, Russia continued to maintain relations with most countries in the world, with the exception of the Western countries which had already turned her back before the “special operation”. It seems that the #Ukraine invasion did not have great consequences on the diplomatic relations of Russia, despite the efforts of the ""international community"" to provoke its isolation. #Ukrainewar23178"
23178	3	For Amazon Prime subscribers, this is the cold shower. The service of the American giant goes from 49 euros annually to 69.90 euros. A 40% increase in the price, Amazon’s boss Jeff Bezos’ pleasant participation in the fight against inflation in Emmanuel Macron’s country. Amazon Prime is the service that offers you access to an accelerated delivery of everything you order from the web giant supermarket and offers you broadcasts, sports, movies, books or music.
23178	5	Of course, it’s a peste on social networks where the French feel like they’ve been kicked the finger in the door. Especially because the discontinuation of the famous Amazon Prime doesn’t seem simple: Amazon has even been put on the fingers on the topic. What to think about the benefits of globalization is dear to our policies and their very cheek and very failing influencers for decades.
23178	7	It was nice, Amazon, when he arrived in France. The children were told the story of Jeff Bezos, the creator of this wonderful service with a computer and two folders. A beneficial man of humanity, Jeff Bezos. He was selling books. Are you against the books? You don’t want people to read freely and without ruining themselves? Are you on the border as before? Do you prefer small shops to multinational companies that serve the same soup everywhere, invoice in France, collect profits in the United States and hire elsewhere? The evil! and ringard! Despite a brief controversy, despite the unnecessary gesticulations of Europe, he was quickly given the red carpet, to Jeff Bezos, when he settled in France in August 2000. The regions have struggled to “create jobs” by opening its famous warehouses. His drivers used to urinate in a bottle in order not to delay delivery. We broke our hands. Roland-Garros, for example, transferred part of his television rights to Jeff Bezos. It’s better than France TV.
23178	9	Globalization was once again happy.
23178	11	The small independent bookmakers tried to resist. They stood up for some as undisciplinated Gale vulgarists in front of the American bulldozer. in vain. The result? According to the BDCOM 2020 survey on the state of the shops in Paris (published on February 8, 2021 under the edge of the Chamber of Commerce of Paris-Ile-de-France and the city of Paris), our neighborhood bookstores disappear without a look of our great globalizers. “The cultural and recreational shops (approximately 5,300 shops), which have decreased since 2005, are also less since 2017 (5.1%, -285 shops), affected by the competition of online sales, the official report explains. It is the bookstores that see their staff decreasing stronger than in the previous period (58 in 3 years). “The phenomenon is true in Paris and elsewhere. The book, the heart of Amazon’s historic profession... Since then, the bookmakers are no longer heard too much. Some are subsidized by the state, they are silent. Some of them are gone, and they are still. What French bookmakers don’t have the right to do (highten their prices, those of books), Jeff Bezos did it with a fingerprint.
23178	13	At least, does Amazon, this company paranoid of happy globalization, make France benefit from its expansion by recruiting full tubes? We are so good in France and Europe. It’s so much better for investors, France in Europe! Not as in these English beaten like eagles, locked in their Brexit that will ruin them, the worldist faith!
23178	15	Unfortunately, a recent post by Challenges and AFP dated July 15 has something to wash the latest gogos fans of the star flag. Amazon has chosen priority to expand its troops... the country of Boris Johnson! It will hire “more than 4,000 additional people this year in the UK in CDI.” “This should increase its staff in the country to 75,000 people and make the group one of the top ten private employers in the UK,” the message added. In France, Amazon is more modestly targeting the 18,500 employees in CDI at the end of the year: four times less. The price of the ruin of how many small shops, bookstores and more! In the UK, “the internet giant was one of the greatest beneficiaries of pandemic and confinements when stores were closed,” the press release continues. In total, Amazon says it has created 40,000 jobs in the UK in three years. In full Brexit! And to say that we were predicted the wasted and massive escape of the big groups and British investors pressing to refuge in France... No how, as the English say.
23179	1	Laurence Haim wants to send French children to die in Ukraine
23179	3	Are we ready to die for Ukraine and send the French children? Unfortunately, the majority will say no. by Laurence Haim.
23179	5	Remember, unfortunately, it is unfortunate that young French people are not going to die for Zelenski! How can a woman ask the children to go to the cage, to return, in the best way, ill? That’s that she’s never had it, Laurence, we doubted a little: there’s only one selfish and psychopathic being to want to send the children of others to the slaughterhouse! But how can she profess such monsters?
23179	7	Well, it’s by Romanticism, yes, yes, Laurence says she’s a little romantic!
23179	9	The Romantic?
23179	11	She would do better to review her classics, the mainstream journalist, because the Romantiques who went to fight, it was against the Turks, to defend the Greek Christian civilization, our civilization, against Ottoman Muslim barbarism!
23179	13	The child
23179	15	The Turks went there. Everything is ruin and sadness.
23179	17	Chio, the island of wines, is no more than a dark shade.
23179	19	Chio, which shadows the charms,
23179	21	Chio, who in the floods reflected his great trees,
23179	23	His coatings, his palaces, and at night sometimes
23179	25	A dance of young girls.
23179	27	Everything is desert. But not; only near the black walls,
23179	29	A child with blue eyes, a Greek child, sitting,
23179	31	His head was humiliated.
23179	33	He was for asylum, he was for support.
23179	35	A flower, a flower, like him.
23179	37	In the forgotten destruction.
23179	39	and Ah! Poor child, naked feet on the angular rocks!
23179	41	Unfortunately! To clean the cry from your blue eyes.
23179	43	As the sky and the wave,
23179	45	In the darkness of their tears,
23179	47	Pass the bright light of joy and games,
23179	49	To raise your blonde head,
23179	51	What do you want? Beautiful child, what you have to give
23179	53	to bring and bring back
23179	55	Close on your white shoulder
23179	57	Those hair, which have not suffered iron,
23179	59	And those who cry spread around your beautiful front,
23179	61	Like the leaves on the salt.
23179	63	Who could dissolve your cloudy sorrow?
23179	65	Is it to have that light, blue as your eyes blue,
23179	67	Who of Iran is bordering the dark fountain?
23179	69	or the fruit of the tube, of this tree so large,
23179	71	A horse to the galop puts, always running,
23179	73	A hundred years out of the shadow.
23179	75	Do you want me to smile, a beautiful bird of the wood?
23179	77	Whoever sings with a sweeter song than the high trees,
23179	79	Better than the cymbals?
23179	81	What do you want? Flower, beautiful fruit, or wonderful bird?
23179	83	“Friend,” the Greek boy said, “the child with blue eyes.”
23179	85	I want the powder and the balls.
23179	87	8-10 July 1828
23179	89	Victor Hugo and the Eastern.
23179	91	Here are the Romance! From Lord Byron, who died in Greece to defend the Hellenes, to Delacroix, painting the massacres of Scio, I can assert by making the dead talk, the famous prosopopea dear to Rafael Enthoven, that the Romantiques would read the laic Reposte and vomit these tarrated and incult progressists!
23179	93	And then, who can want to die for Zelensky? The man who turned away $850 million by stealing his people, his people who has since been condemned, either to exile, or to misery and death? Death for Zelensky. The Ukrainian leader, the most corrupt leader of Europe. Death for Zelensky. An old comic not funny, like the one who was a failed painter?
23179	95	You have to be in the bottom of journalism to keep such terrible and foolish words!
23179	97	But should we be surprised? Just look at the story of this so-called journalist. And here everything is explained.
23179	99	On January 10, 2017, she announced her departure from the I-Télé channel and, the next day, joined the campaign team of Macrounet, a candidate for the presidential election as a spokesman, where she deals with international matters. It’s so bad that Macron turns it, that’s his level, while he’ll have Sibeth N’Diaye and Benjamin Griveau in his team! And without giving him the position of ambassador he wanted.
23179	101	In October 2017, she intervened as a resident researcher at the Institute of Political Studies of the University of Chicago Institute of Politics, led by David Axelrod, a Barack Obama adviser.
23179	103	Here, the mess is said, Laurence Haim is not a journalist, but a macronist power press attached and an Atlantic agent of the Democratic Party. This was once called a political commissary, and this genesis is now infesting the TV plates.
23179	105	Well what? She was a journalist in time, do you say?
23179	107	Let’s talk about it! She has always been the shame of her profession, where yet there is a hard competition for this title! I leave off all her tweets and articles, treasures of evil faith and partiality, where she explained to us what to hang on Donald Trump, to battle on her wife Melania, in a report that has date so he is curious of nullity, no, no, what I will retain is that she sold during the U.S. election campaign the so positive image of Joe Biden, this dynamic candidate, who was going to surprise the world.
23179	109	Surprising the world is not false in a sense. Choosing a man whom his son Hunter gently calls Peto-Peter, who falls at the stop of his bicycle, who falls asleep at every interview, who is unable to read his promptor for more than three minutes, who cheats incoherent words, who loses himself in the gardens of the White House, but who possesses the nuclear codes of the world’s first power, there is actually something to be surprised!
23179	111	But Laurence Haïm is mostly known for his folded reports, as some examples below show!
23179	113	But sometimes it goes beyond, it says this week that Russia has built 15,000 universities in Africa! She excels in anything.
23179	115	Here, to support Macron and his policy of vassality towards the United States, the so-called information chains get into the bottom of journalism, and we must ingurgite the bond of journalists: General Gamelin, pedophiles, cocaine philosophers or devised, reprised of justice, agents of Atlantic influence... These people never give us information, they give us day and night of this ridiculous propaganda made by Kiev, well assassinated with frelated morality. to vomit.
2318	1	Stop the health panic and get to work.
2318	3	People should be put back to work rather than panic.
2318	5	In the absence of publication of covid statistics that prove that the current pandemic is even stronger than all the previous but even less dangerous, the policies and their acolytes in the medical world still scare, and the very numerous quarantines covid related to the contact cases that are hardly imposed on companies whose staff absent cause daily disfunction. All companies suffer from this evil and no longer know how to fill their teams and therefore turn to slow by producing less. Let’s not talk about the great TV work invention to improve its environment but not that of.
2318	7	Thus, the restaurators, those damned of the Earth, described as unhuman slaves, are reduced to limit their opening days due to lack of staff.
2318	9	Two years of imprisonment and fear changed the minds. Why go to work when you can make less money while staying at home? Why work the weekend when you can gently enjoy your family and this new art of living with the French of the Left (work less, demonstrate every Saturday, describe those foolish patron’s who enrich on the back of the poor workers, etc.) The?
2318	10	Work is no longer a Western value.
2318	12	In Luxembourg one of my star-restaurant friends is looking for a sommelier: 3000 euros net, weekends and holidays closed, 12 weeks of annual holidays: he finds no one! Of course, it has a high level of demand and maybe that’s the problem. It is excluded that he employs a sommelier without any other experience than his claim to win the maximum.
2318	14	On the other hand, we will have to get used to being served by Ukrainian refugees who, in addition to a solid level of schooling (Ukrainian children are scared to see the low level of German children), really want to restore their lives by working to earn more than the ridiculous allocations of our dear State-providing!
2318	16	Another problem of this particular profession: our new state prohibits drinks other than those declared. At one time, it was the room that ordered and he was excluded from refusing a late arrival. The cookers who shared the beverages did not reject. In return, the chickens were cut off in front of the client, as well as the flames. It was the great show carried out by real professionals who loved their profession but also copied their end of the month. In short, everyone was there.
2318	18	In today’s world, it is the hypocondrians and the various and varied intolerants that dictate the menu. The taste, the sharing, the pleasure of the table are accessories... As a result, the quality of what we eat is at the lowest: heated industrial food, ingredients purchased at Metro in promotion, origins of unknown meat or then from Poland or Denmark, rebuilt with old reformed cows. The food failure...
2318	19	All this has a price: our health and the survival of companies!
2318	21	Our politicians dream of reindustrialization: the good joke! It is necessary to bring people back to work and stop selling the planet rescue, parity or harassment or wokism to them. Work has to be a value. Starting by revalorizing learning by allowing as in Switzerland the bridges enterprise-school at all ages and not even those fields of higher education producing technocrates and theorists completely disconnected from the realities of life.
2318	23	But as we are led by the same technocrates from Sciences po or Ena, the struggle is uneven and the future is desperate.
2318	25	There are 7 million people in France who go to popular soup but there are also 15,000 professional tattooers! Everything is said...
2318	27	This country is foolish! 23180
23180	3	Definitely, a new wind breathes on the National Assembly, and on the minister responsible for the poorization of the French who works for the Bank, not for the people. The problem, for Bruno Le Maire, is that real members of the people have entered the hemicycle.
23180	5	On the turn of Bruno Le Maire to make the fees of @JphTanguy! 
23180	6	— Out of context RN (@OOC_RN) July 23, 2022
23180	8	For information, the Assembly voted against the taxation of superprofits. Liberation is written:
23180	10	Macrony still does not want to raise the taxes of large ultra profitable companies. Dominated by LREM and its allies, the National Assembly on Saturday rejected the idea of a tax on “super profits” or “exceptional profits” supported by the left-wing members but also by almost all of the elected National Assembly members. Submitted by the Socialist deputy Christine Pirès Beaune, the amendment to the draft law on rectificative finance provided for an “exceptional 25% tax on superprofits” of the various companies, oil and gas companies, maritime transportation or highway concessionaries.
23180	12	"Tax on super profits: ""If the national representation gets to the knees in front of the speculators, the French, they, will refuse to do so,"" assures @alma_dufour. Have you learned anything about the yellow jackets?“#PLFR2022 #DirectAN"
23180	13	— LCP (@LCP) July 23, 2022
23180	15	The Macro-Right once more showed who was the boss, his boss: the powerful lobby of multinationals. For the French, after Islamist terrorism (2015-2016), police terrorism (on the Yellow Guilds, from 2018 to 2019) and health terrorism (2020-2021), here is the profile of economic terrorism (2022-). Curiously, each sequence lasts about two years. Would it be time for the French to open their eyes to the real commander of these categorical terrorisms?
23180	17	Even if the Mayor is just a fusible, that of a Macron who is himself the fusible of the Bank or of great financial interests, he crystallizes anger. It’s not only the LFI and the RN that are angry.
23180	19	Gazprom will cut off gas for major force reasons. The recession is there, the galope inflation, the euro collapses, there’s fire everywhere (in truth), and this fool communicates about his son’s birthday and the color of his towel.
23180	21	It is empty of that look. and horrible.
23180	22	— Regis de Castelnau (@R_DeCastelnau) July 19, 2022
23180	24	The nurse Louis Fouché gives an insight into the economic repression that looks at men struggling against this System.
23180	26	The Government after hearing
23180	28	The poor #careersSuspendus he rackets them and catches their accounts, Dr. Fouché tells us the story of his wife's suspension Carole Fouché (they have 3 children in charge) #vaccination #DirectAN #Cnews #Pfizer #BFMTV #SMIC #Macron #Veran
23180	29	— L£ G£N£RAL 0official (@Le_General_0ff_) July 18, 2022
23180	31	France has entered a new cycle of class struggle, the social networks allowing to bring down injustices everywhere, as in the good old 18th century with the heads of evil. Even if the power sits on it, the pressure increases.
23180	33	Meanwhile, at the evening menu, among the Korian Group shareholders: https://t.co/5uCpI1RRdY
23180	34	— François Ruffin (@Francois_Ruffin) July 19, 2022
23180	36	Fewer and fewer French people go on the official speech that Putin is the source of poverty, inflation, restrictions that hit the French people. Putin is the magical horror of the system.
23180	38	“We are seeing a breakdown. The numbers of hunger in the world are deteriorating, especially because Russia applies in Ukraine a strategy to total cynism: the instrumentalization of the hunger potential,” said Foreign Minister @MinColonna.
23180	39	— Public Senate (@publicsenat) July 19, 2022
23180	41	Excerpt from an article of the Echos on the “energy sobriety” measures desired by our supreme leader.
23180	42	Those who throw the folds are very talented. Everything they do is calculated and meets several goals.
23180	43	The war in Ukraine is part of it. 
23180	44	— Caty, non-genetically modified Gauloise (@LaColitruche) July 19, 2022
23180	46	So it is the French who work – the middle class – who will bear the weight of the system’s errors. During this time, the Senate...
23180	48	Do you have enough potatoes and rice? Is your refrigerator empty?
23180	49	Gérard LARCHER, he doesn’t have this problem... You’re paying the addition. 
23180	50	— A__SAMEDI (@_samedi_) July 24, 2022
23181	1	France sells to the Japanese a country that does not exist.
23181	3	Despite government announcements, France no longer attracts foreigners much, especially that of Mayor Hidalgo!
23181	5	Horrified by dirt, violence, immigration, temeraries or poorly informed who are at risk of it come back from their journey more than disappointed and make it known.
23181	7	However, they did not benefit from the reception of the Lallement prefect reserved for British supporters at the stadium of France.
23181	9	The attendance of the Cathedral of Saint-Denis is in constant decline, which is easily understood, so the surroundings are risky and as Thierry Henry said: “Saint-Denis, it’s not Paris! “” It is not France anymore.
23181	11	So to try to seduce a customer coming from other places, Atout France, the tourist development agency of Hexagone, multiplies the charm operations and communication campaigns, events, actions aimed at the press and e-influencers, or professional salons, etc.
23181	13	His latest creation is a cartoon designed to attract the Japanese.
23181	15	In addition to the worthy of a child film, the images are false so they describe a delicious dream country where it makes it good to live, walk and have fun.
23181	17	The shameful lies of Darmanin and Dupond-Moretti can no longer hide that France has become a crack, often very dirty, poorlyined and dangerous for many reasons.
23181	19	In Paris, tourists are regularly victims of aggression and flights... and it’s not good to walk the night in the capital of romanticism.
23181	21	Foreign media, not asservised to Macron, don’t miss releasing images, videos and articles showing the new France, its inhabitants and its current us and customs.
23181	23	Very sensitive to cleanliness and safety, so the Japanese will not be caught by this cartoon too beautiful to be true.
23181	25	There is only a shortage of very nice surmouths apprivoised, friendly for our parks and gardens.
23184	1	"Taiwan: Xi Jinping told Joe Biden not to ""play with fire"""
23184	3	"The U.S. and Chinese presidents have talked for more than two hours without making concrete progress, on the sensitive issue of Taiwan. ""Those who play with fire end up burning... I hope the U.S. match understands this perfectly,"" Xi Jinping threatened. A personal meeting is planned later."
23184	5	"More than two hours of interview. For their fifth telephone conversation, U.S. President Joe Biden and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping did not waste their time to have, according to Washington and Beijing, a ""right and deep"" dialogue. A formula that, in diplomatic language, means that disagreements are far from being applained."
23184	7	The only real positive progress, the two men agreed to meet in head-to-head and “have agreed that their teams try to find a mutually acceptable moment to do so.” The date of this meeting remains to be defined as the two heads have never talked otherwise than virtually or by telephone since Joe Biden's invasion.
23184	9	Taiwan at the heart of tensions between the two men
23184	11	For the rest, during their interviews, the two heads of state camped on their positions and seem to be pleased in a dialogue of surdists. This is the very sensitive issue of Taiwan.
23184	13	While Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic President of the House of Representatives, is planning to go to Taipei, Xi Jinping has issued an explicit warning to Joe Biden: “Those who play with fire end up burning,” the Chinese president has warned, repeating the statements made by the U.S. President during a previous interview in November last year.
23184	15	“I hope the U.S. side understands this perfectly,” the number one added, while Beijing has been standing up for several days against Nancy Pelosi’s announced visit to Taiwan and calls it a “provocation.” A warning to which Joe Biden replied emphasizing that the U.S. position on Taiwan had “not changed”.
23184	17	Statu quo on customs tariffs
23184	19	The same statu quo on the issue of customs tariffs between the two economies. According to the White House, on this question, “President Biden explained to President Xi (...) the central problem of China’s unfair trade practices that harm workers and families in the United States, but he has not discussed the potential measures he could take.” That is, a possible 25 percent lifting of the tariffs imposed by Donald Trump at the strongest of the trade tensions between the two countries.
23184	21	Nothing seems to be drawn up on this field even though Washington sends many signals to criticize Trump’s customs policy. “We believe (...) that the tariffs that were established [by the previous administration, NDLR] were misunderstood,” said for example a little earlier in the week John Kirby, the White House spokesman. Before adding that “we think they have increased costs for American families and small, as well as for farmers. And that, without really struggling with some of China’s commercial practices. »
23184	23	Chinese press tells US responsibility
23184	25	In fact, the day after this interview, if the Chinese press recognizes the importance of this exchange, it has a game to return the ball to the United States for the responsibility for a large part of the tensions between Beijing and Washington. If in a editorial published on Friday the Global Times acknowledges that the statements made by the U.S. president are “relatively positive”, he also estimates that the relations between the two world powers have “stagned and even deteriorated.”
23184	27	In question, according to the daily known for its nationalism, the fact that “the words of President Biden have not translated into acts.” And to explain that the improvement of the Chinese-American dialogue will continue to depend on Washington’s attitude.
23186	1	“Pushback” of migrants in Greece: Frontex acclaimed by a report
23186	3	The former head of the border surveillance agency Frontex was aware of the illegal returns of migrants to Greece and would have even co-financed the returns, according to an accabling report that Der Spiegel publishes on Thursday.
23186	5	A striking report. A confidential document from the European Anti-Fraud Office (Olaf), consulted by the German magazine Der Spiegel, accuses the former head of Frontex – the European Border Guard and Coast Guard Agency – of having learned about the illegal returns of migrants to Greece and of having even co-financed the returns.
23186	7	Frontex was aware very early of these illegal, sometimes brutal, returns of asylum seekers to Turkey, the authors of the report say. “Instead of preventing pushbacks, the former boss Fabrice Leggeri and his collaborators hid them. They lie to the European Parliament and hid the fact that the agency has supported some withdrawals with the money of the European taxpayers,” the German magazine summarizes. The findings of the investigators caused Fabrice Leggeri's resignation.
23186	9	The report reveals many details. As when the Greek coastal guards, on August 5, 2020, pulled a pneumatic boat with 30 migrants on board not to Greece, but to Turkey. A Frontex aircraft that patroled filmed the scene.
23186	11	Instead of addressing the Greek authorities, Frontex stopped patroling aircraft over the Egean Sea, because the agency needed it elsewhere.
23186	13	Investigators cite testimonials from Frontex employees questioning Fabrice Leggeri for closing their eyes on these illegal acts. And they found a written note referring to the withdrawal of the surveillance aircraft “to not be a witness.”
23186	15	Pushback co-financed by Frontex
23186	17	It is not all. The Olaf also reports that at least six Greek ships, co-financed by Frontex, would have been involved in more than a dozen withdrawals between April and December 2020. The former director has always rejected these accusations. In question, a spokesman for the European Commission announced that “a series of measures” had already been implemented to address the issue of the agency’s governance, led since the beginning of July by the Latvian Aija Kalnaja.
23186	19	Anitta Hipper affirms that “in terms of work on the site with the Greek authorities, there is progress on the ground,” she also points to “a new bill to ensure a solid monitoring system” of the treatment of asylum seekers in Greece.
23186	21	In seven years at the head of Frontex, Fabrice Leggeri had accompanied the strengthening of the agency, which has been considerably muscular and whose staff – with now armed agents – must reach 10,000 coastal and border guards by 2 027.
23187	1	of Russia. Energy sanctions against Europeans
23187	3	Reducing Russian gas supply, increasing its costs... Germany, especially affected, is in great difficulties. Emmanuel Macron, on his side, multiplies meetings with the leaders of the Gulf countries. On Thursday, Mohammed Ben Salmane, the Prince of Saudi Arabia, was recalled.
23187	5	The EU’s energy ministers agreed on Tuesday in Brussels to coordinate their country’s gas consumption. A forceps agreement that provides for each country to do “all its possible” to reduce its gas consumption by at least 15% between August 2022 and March 2023, compared to the average of the last five years in the same period.
23187	7	In the event of a “risk of serious shortage”, a warning mechanism will make “obligatory” for the 27 the reduction of 15%, but this goal will be adapted to the realities of each state, in particular to the capacity to export the amounts of gas saved to the countries in need, thanks to a series of derogations.
23187	9	The Spanish Minister: “We have not even asked for our opinion”
23187	11	Until last year, Russia accounted for approximately 40% of EU gas imports, and some countries, starting with Germany, depend more on it than others. This is the result of some European leaders.
23187	13	The Spanish Minister for the Ecological Transition and the Demographic Challenge, Teresa Ribera, said: “We defend European values, but we cannot assume a disproportionate sacrifice on which we have not even been asked for our opinion. »
23187	15	In particular, it denied the refusal to take into account the “different realities in the field of energy infrastructure of each Member State.” Through the derogations contained in the agreement approved on Tuesday, Spain could thus reduce its gas demand by only 7%.
23187	17	Russian gas supplies through the Nord Stream gas pipeline have, as announced, decreased on Wednesday morning to 20% of its capacity. The Italian group Eni has also announced that it has been informed by the Russian company Gazprom, invoking a maintenance operation on a turbine, that gas supplies will be limited to 27 million cubic meters on Wednesday, against 34 million “in the last days”.
23187	19	Emmanuel Macron repeats meetings with Gulf countries
23187	21	A spokesman for the Kremlin said on Tuesday that the reduction of debit was explained by Western sanctions against Russia after the invasion of Ukraine. “If there were no such restrictions, everything would have been accomplished (...) within the usual deadlines,” he said.
23187	23	What if the sanctions that Europeans and Americans imposed on Moscow since the start of the war in Ukraine reached the opposite goal? If Russia exports less, the recorded price flame, on the contrary, fills the boxes. The difficulties Germany faces will have economic impacts on the entire continent.
23187	25	The French gas storage is 75 percent full, with the goal to be full in autumn.
23187	27	In the face of this situation, France wants to be calm. France’s gas storage is 75 percent, with its goal to be full in autumn, energy transition minister Agnès Pannier-Runacher said on Wednesday.
23187	29	Especially, Emmanuel Macron multiplies meetings with the leaders of the Gulf countries. Last week, he received in Paris the new President of the United Arab Emirates, Mohammed Ben Zayed Al Nahyane, and signed a “global strategic partnership agreement on energy cooperation.” This Thursday evening, the French head of state will have to dinner with the Saudi prince, Mohammed Ben Salmane, again frequent.23189
23189	3	On Tuesday, July 19, in the morning of Europe 1, Agnès Pannier-Runacher, Minister of the Energy Transition, explained that the French had to drastically reduce their energy consumption. To the journalist who asks her if a rationalization policy can be considered, she responds with a periphrase to the hardly hidden cynism: “This is not exactly like this. In the system we have, we talk about stairs of escalation to a scenario of supply difficulties. The first step is the energy savings we put in place. These economies are good for the portfolio of companies, administrations and the French, and they are good for the energy transition, the fight against climate warming and no one more contests, after these episodes of canicule, that we are in a period of fundamental transformation of our climate. In short, deprivations and rationalizations, for our greatest good.
23189	5	An authoritarian planning with the perfume of revision of socialism: so, it is also planned to ask some companies to reduce their consumption, or even stop their production for several hours a day, under financial compensation... or not. In any case, the minister’s disturbed circumstances make it hard to eliminate the main subject of this government call for energy soberity: Europe, and especially France, faces the boomerang effect of the stupid sanctions decreed against Russia, which still supplies us 17% of our gas.
23189	7	The French will also have to put themselves in it, it is planned not to make exceeding 19 °C for individual heating this winter, a “ecogeste” that will be accompanied with the reactivation of the tariffs of holidays/holidays... This old recipe of the 1980s consists in making the French benefit from lower tariffs outside the pic hours of electricity consumption because, she assures us, “this has a value to spend the winter and for our planet.” Did the head of state not warn us that he intended “to put the citizens in a position to consume less” through his energy sobriety plan?
23189	9	Who are we laughing on?
23189	11	What was presented until yesterday as a plan by the French government to anticipate an energy crisis caused by a diplomatic action of the most random is therefore actually out of the European Commission’s plan presented on July 20 in Brussels. The Commission today proposes a new legislative instrument and a European plan to reduce gas demand, to reduce gas consumption by 15% in Europe by the coming spring. All consumers, public administrations, households, public buildings owners, electricity suppliers and industry can and should take measures to save gas. »
23189	13	"Russia supplies 40% of Europe’s gas, so it’s about trying to predict, in a disaster, what was widely predictable, i.e. a serious shortage this winter and a real difficulty to restore stocks for the next year. For this, the European new language is set up: the Commission's press release speaks of ""this way to strengthen European energy resilience."""
23189	15	Member States are required to reduce their gas consumption by 15 percent by August (in ten days) until March 31, 2023. And the Commission will not hesitate to show itself significantly more compulsory in the event of a major crisis, making this objective a binding measure: “The new Regulation would also give the Commission the opportunity to declare, after consultation with the Member States, a ‘Union warning’ on supply safety, imposing a mandatory reduction of gas demand on all Member States. »
23189	17	This is for sobriety.
23189	19	As regards solidarity between Member States, the same of which we are praised the merits, indissociable from the European Union, it will only apply under conditions: “The Member States seeking a solidary gas supply will be required to demonstrate the measures they have taken to reduce domestic demand. Measures controlled every two months... This crisis is also an opportunity to strengthen the energy interdependence between the Member States.
23189	21	It is also – ideology requires – an opportunity to accelerate the ecological transition: “The plan provides guidelines that Member States should take into account when planning reductions. The priority should be given to the transition to renewable energy or to cleaner, less carbon or polluting options. »
23189	23	This energy crisis in which we have been precipitated today is only the pretext to hardly ruin the sovereignty of each of the EU member countries. After the health sovereignty, largely coronated by the Covid crisis, today our energy sovereignty is hardly damaged.
23191	1	The counter-attack coincidence
23191	3	Last December, a previous article noticed an unusual peak of small heart problems among athletes and especially footballers in 2021: apparently, this year saw more deaths on the field than in the past years. The proximity of these events with the distribution of magical picouses was troubling.
23191	5	But, if we had been assured at the time, all this was just a pure coincidence: reminding, again and again, that correlation is not causality, that everything was under control and that there was only a way of observation or attribution, in the worst, it could be quite fine to observe that some athletes, sick of Covid in 2020, suffered the terrible consequences of it ten or twelve months later on the occasion of a heart attack. The long covid – never clearly defined but rudely practical in this case – answered the few questions that remained.
23191	7	Life returns its course filled with natural heart attacks, usual thrombosis, frequent sudden deaths and perfectly legitimate menstruation.
23191	9	Time passes, studies accumulate and medicine progresses. Far from the media and the Official Reason Sponsors that remind everyone of what would be wrong to imagine, think or deduce, some surprising findings have been published since. The conclusions are quite unquestionable.
23191	11	Thus, a study published in Nature (a dark scientific opuscule) shows a 25% increase in cardiovascular emergency events in 16-39 years after the first and second doses of the vaccine. A stunning coincidence.
23191	13	Thus, another study seems to show a higher rate of myocarditis in men under 40 years after two or three doses of the vaccine, and in a higher proportion of myocarditis observed in men of the same age group after a Covid.
23191	15	In JAMA, it was found that two doses of Pfizer would multiply by 133 the risk of myocarditis in young people aged 12 to 15 compared to the initial value. The coincidence makes you write amazing things.
23191	17	Apparently, covid would not be responsible for these overnumber heart problems as no evidence of an increased risk of myocarditis and pericarditis in non-vaccinated adult patients who recovered from covid-19 was observed in this study on several hundred thousand Israelis. Surprising
23191	19	Finally, still in JAMA and according to a Nordic study based on the population of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland, the miracle potion of Pfizer would expose 16-24 years to a greater risk of myopericarditis than covid-19.
23191	21	Of course, it should be crazy to imagine that what is observed on millions of British, Danish, Israeli or Swedish would also be true on athletes who make intense use of their hearts. What would have been observed on the football fields would therefore remain a mystery or a simple statistical anomaly.
23191	23	It is important to note that coincidences are everywhere. The average observer is, of course, full of tics and dark very often in statistical errors, smoking approach and quick conclusion.
23191	25	However, we see every day weighing the body of elements that tend to make cautiously think that everything would not be completely pink in the kingdom of “95% safe and effective” vaccines, promoted by pharmaceutical industries never condemned for fraud and governments of irrepetible honesty.
23191	27	This is how other coincidences can be questioned, such as those people who die more in their homes than usual or that excess mortality in both the UK and the rest of Europe, estimated between 5 and 15% on this part of the world while vaccination affects more than 80% of the people.
23191	29	It seems clear that the confinements have caused a lot of damage: suicides, less good medical follow-up, incentive for everyone not to go to the hospital that we showed overflowed everywhere for two years, all this contributes both to a recurrence of “home deaths” and too late diagnosis for certain fatal diseases.
23191	31	More people are currently dying in 2022 than in 2019, 2020 and 2021. It may be questioned about the “collection” effect that would normally have had to compensate for these harmful consequences of the disastrous health policies in the past two years, and the real absence of explanation of the sensitive increase in the number of small cows observed in funeral pumps and in the thanatopractors.
23191	33	Be sure: these overwhelming observations are just that, collections of different elements that, unreasonably, form concerns almost exclusively based on coincidences. There is no doubt that – just as for the heart concerns of footballers – it is just a will, stupid, sharp and obviously conspiracy to see links in it while there is nothing.
23191	35	Therefore, we will be surprised by the harshness of some to say despite all that more people die in vaccinated countries than elsewhere. I have a lot of trouble! 23193
23193	3	The Arcom (ex-CSA) notes that white and light people appear much more than those from immigration and less wealthy social categories.
23193	5	“The Republic is one and indivisible; it must also be in its representation on the screens. “This imperative, stated by Carole Bienaimé Besse, a member of the Arcom (ex-CSA), serves as a chamber for television. In a little more than a decade, it has just progressed little and always prefers to show the antenna of white people belonging to easy social categories and living in large cities rather than those coming from immigration, lower social categories and living in the countryside, concludes the annual report set by the regulator of audiovisual. It was based on 1,800 hours of mixed all-gender programs viewed on nine channels of Earth’s digital television in 2021. “We see that it remains extremely difficult for the publishers to represent the French company,” said Carole Bienaimé Besse, also producer.
23193	7	In 2021, the situation even worsened for “persons perceived as “not white.” Their representation rate increased in a year from 16% to 14%, especially due to the continuous news chains, where the rate did not exceed 10%, with the exception of BFM-TV (14%). Not happy to have been significantly less represented in the information programs, colour people held a negative role in 2021, in 43% of cases, a 11 points jump in a year.
23193	9	A missed opportunity, the Arcom observes, while the French news, dominated last year by topics such as the vaccine strategy, constituted “a terrain propice to the just representation of the French society.” “As soon as we lower the guard, we see that the natural comes back to the galop,” continues Carole Bienaimé Besse, who, however, tells about the progress made in fiction. “The proposed roles are less stereotyped in fiction and leave the good part to the positive and hero roles. by 23196
23196	3	Meeting in Madrid, NATO should insert in the new Strategic Concept that Russia constitutes a direct threat to its security.
23196	5	A “war crime”, “atrocated”, a “sideration” attempt to terrorise civilian populations, a “unprecedented brutality”... On the day after the murderous Russian blow that hit a shopping center in Krementchuk, the Western leaders turned and turned their anger in Elmau, Germany, after the G7 meeting, before going to Madrid for a NATO summit. “Russia cannot and must not win the war,” the head of state Emmanuel Macron insisted in Bavaria, for at least for a moment forgotten his willfulness to maintain a window of dialogue with Vladimir Putin. “We must be united in Madrid, united in support of Ukraine, united in our firmness, united in the defense and security of the eastern side of our Alliance,” he insisted when in Germany, the seven leaders of the richest countries decided to hit the Russian economy by “working” on a threshold of the price of Russian oil and imposing restrictions on the import of Russian gold.
23196	7	More than four months after the conflict began and while NATO is also preparing to take out consequences, the autocrate has chosen intimidation and provocation. While the Ukrainians were crying their dead, Lithuania, a NATO member, was the target of a cyber attack in response to the sanctions imposed on the Kaliningrad enclave. “This is not the first. We have known many others since February 24,” said Prime Minister Ingrida Simonyte. U.S. Defense Minister Lloyd Austin talked with his Baltic counterparts on Monday.
23196	9	    “For us, Crimea is a part of Russia. That means she is forever.
23196	10	    Dmitry Medvedev, former President and close to Putin.
23196	12	In this context of threats, the Kremlin affirmed its determination to lead the war to its end. The conflict will end when Ukraine has “deponed the weapons” and implemented “all the conditions established by Russia,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said. At the same time, Dmitry Medvedev, former president and close to Putin, was noted: if Crimea is attacked by a NATO member country, “this will be the Third World War,” he warned. “For us, Crimea is a part of Russia. That means she’s forever,” he said.
23196	14	In Spain, the war is far away. Shoted, the coalition at the power supplies little weapons to Ukraine and only a percentage of its GDP is dedicated to its defense, in a pillow. But with the NATO summit, which opened Tuesday evening with a dinner with King Felipe VI of Spain, the Alliance is preparing to insert black on white in its new strategic Concept that Russia constitutes a direct threat to its security. The main military nations of the Alliance should announce “an additional effort,” a U.S. diplomat assures, “and even France.” “We’re a reliable ally,” he insists.
23196	16	Winning the unity bet
23196	18	"The United States is expected to confirm on Wednesday ""new military commitments (American in Europe, NDLR) on land, sea and long-term air."" On his side, Chancellor Olaf Scholz assured in an interview with the ARD that the Bundeswehr would become ""the largest conventional army"" in Europe. “This is important for NATO’s defense capacity as a whole,” he said."
23196	20	But it will not be those capabilities that will deliver the battles. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is asking for weapons again and again. It urges its Western partners to provide anti-missile defense systems. NATO is considering ways to replace the capacities that Member States would deliver to Ukraine.
23196	21	The West will have to win the unity bet. Moscow puts its side on the erosion and fatigue of democracies in the medium term to weaken Ukraine
23196	23	To overcome the test of firmness, the Westerners will have to win the unity bet. Moscow puts on its side the erosion and fatigue of democracies in the medium term to weaken Ukraine. The Madrid summit was successfully crowned on Tuesday night: Turkey lifted its veto to a candidacy for the Alliance of Finland and Sweden, while a blockade was expected by Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
23196	25	Signed in front of the cameras after three hours of talks between the Turkish leader, his Finnish counterpart Sauli Niinistö and Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson, the agreement allowed Turkey to obtain the “full cooperation” of the two Nordic countries in the “struggle” against the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, which Ankara considers a terrorist organization. Similarly, Sweden and Finland agreed not to “impose restrictions or embargo on the defence industries,” she continued, explaining that “Turkey got what it wanted.” NATO will “invit” these two countries to join the Alliance on Wednesday, its secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg announced.
23197	3	To reduce our CO2 emissions, the government is launching the sobriety operation. The air-conditioned stores that leave their entrance doors open will be verbalized, and the bright lights will have to shine less long. In the 2000s, the Minister of Ecology of the time had told the French not to leave their devices in guard to reduce their energy consumption. The absurdity is that at the same time light publishing screens appeared that emitted as much heat as an electric radiator. We scratched the small teaspoon on one side and continued to open the valves on the other.
23197	5	Government measures to sobriety will also affect industries. How will big companies manage to consume less without reducing their production and salary mass? From the small trader with his climate to the steel that folds the metal with electric arcs, everyone will have to put on it. The problem of equality will soon be faced with the reduction of greenhouse gases. Should we impose on the middle class the same energy savings as on the inhabitants of the beautiful neighborhoods? A wealthy person is likely to consume more than another person, because he has the means of buying large polluting wheels or circulating on a private jet. But the challenge is to reduce on the planet everything that, in one way or another, produces greenhouse gases. And there no one can say that he does not produce any of them, whether he lives in Monaco, the Berry or the Seine-Saint-Denis. Energy savings are not a tax on large wealth. It is not necessary to be very rich to produce pollution.
23197	7	In a report at the cleaning station in Achères, in the Yvelines (see Charlie no. 1257), it was explained that, although the Parisian population has increased in recent years, the amount of waste water was stable. How to? Thanks to more water-saving washing machines or puppy hunting with a small tank, to mention only these examples. Finally, these apparently dirty measures had an impact, as wastewater emissions remained stable, while the number of residents had continued to increase. These economic arrangements concerned not only the easy neighborhoods, but the entire island of France. This demonstrated that ecological measures are not always correlated with a social approach. Everyone will have to apply them, regardless of their heritage, because imposing these restrictions on a single social category will not be enough to produce sustainable effects.
23197	9	By only considering closing the doors of the stores that have the climate, we start with the easiest. When it will be necessary to reduce the types of consumption that affect all social classes, the debates will go on. We will be told that it is scientifically proven that the rich are the ones that pollute the most, and that only they will therefore have to make energy savings. In the early 1990s there were climate skeptics, which claimed to scientifically prove that climate warming did not exist. In the same way, we will see the “climate-social-skeptics” appear, who will say, supporting figures, that since the rich pollute most individually, they will first have to restrict their way of life. After thirty years lost in fighting climate skeptics, we risk losing thirty more years to fight “climate-social-septic.”
23197	11	It’s still time to do so, we’re going to go for a long time. But to act for what? To blame on issues that canicles and epidemics will resolve definitively by sending everyone to the cemetery, rich and poor. of 23198
23198	3	Not so long ago, to criticize even if from the end of the lips the Olympics was worth being ranked without call in the camp of the Olympic Rabat-Joy. The planetary communion around the holy flame was rigorous, and every question of the mass of sport and sponsors was blasphemy. But since Paris has dropped the twisted timbal of the 2024 Games, and as the fate date is approaching and the roofs are accumulating, the event’s critics are becoming more and more. For some, the pleasure of drilling a little more Anne Hidalgo is undoubtedly for many. But whatever the reasons that push each other to rule, we can only rejoice. For remembrance, if Paris finally obtained the “priority” to organize the 2024 Olympics, it is also because the other candidate cities, Toronto, Hamburg, Boston, Rome, Budapest, had turn-by-turn abandoned. Let’s know why...
23198	5	The modern Olympics have always been less about sport than pot-de-vin, decomplexed doping and compromise with the world’s worst regimes, from Nazi Germany to Xi Jinping’s China, through Putin’s Russia. As for the organization of the “feast,” it impeccably rims, for the designated cities, with pharaonic works that raise such a hideous and unnecessary infrastructure, many of which will end up abandoned, and with budgets that crush all the thresholds of decency and generate abyssal debts over several generations. For Paris 2024, it is also necessary to add the safe idea of a “flowing” opening ceremony, which takes place along the shores of the Seine, on a distance of 6 km. This, according to all experts, represents a real security hole. In the same way, in addition, the management of the maintenance of the order of these two weeks of the Olympics in Paris. According to the Court of Auditors, ensuring the security of the sites will require the employment of 22,000 to 33,000 agents per day, which far exceeds the staff available in French private security companies.
23198	7	At the time when everybody has the word “suffering” in the mouth, what is the meaning of this type of megalomanian event that is based on the immeasure and waste assumed? If we have a little idea, the experience of the previous helping Games, the financial cost of this mega-buffing – for the moment, it is estimated that the harness will rise to 10 or 11 billion euros, or not far from the double of the initial budget –, not a lot of people are wondering about its ecological cost. The crossing forests of the workshops of the future Olympic sites and the crossing convoys of the Grand Paris Metro – which will not be ready in time to connect the sites of the Olympics as initially planned... – provide us with some clues. The Olympic values are also measured in tons of flowed concrete and CO2 broken into the atmosphere. This is for preparation.
23198	9	The Olympics remain themselves, or a large fifth day of competitions and various holidays. No need to be a climate expert to know that, now, who says Summer Games says Games under very likely canicule. Therefore, there will be thousands of square meters of sites, including a package outdoors, which must be refreshed, brushed, air-conditioned, if we don’t want the hundreds of athletes to sweat there and the millions of spectators to get into the apples and that the resuscitation be elevated, by the strength of things, to the rank of Olympic discipline. In other words, the energy bill also risks to be salted. Even if you turn off the stadiums at night and close the door to air-conditioned clothes.
23199	1	Attack on Capitol: Trump was not funny
23199	3	From Europe, Trump was as ridiculous as scary. With the commission investigating the events of 6 January 2021, it is finally completely flippant.
23199	6	The Commission of Investigation Wished and led by the Democrats at the House of Representatives on the events of January 6, 2021 in the Capitol will hold its two final hearing in July, and not in June. The reason? The more the Commission covers the course of this crazy day – which began with a harang of Donald Trump to his supporters to end with the Congress’s little missing assault – the more it discovers the unlikely. Clearly, it took a hair to prevent the transfer of powers between Trump and Biden by a force strike. Facility, even desired, by a outgoing president who did not want to leave his post and sought to demonstrate that the November 2020 election had been “stolen” to him.
23199	8	Additional evidence continues to come to the investigators, witnessing the extent of the pressures undergoed by Justice Minister William Barr, so that he “make” the outcome of the urns. What this conservative, who has principles, had refused to do, to the point that he preferred to resign. The Republican Vice-President of the Commission, Liz Cheney, has announced the delay of the work. They don’t want to be buried. Dick Cheney’s daughter, former vice president of Bush junior, is, on the contrary, an anti-Trump who is trapped by her camp for betrayal: she would have recorded statements from the Republican leader in the House, Kevin McCarthy, making Trump bear the responsibility for the attack given to the Capitol by fanatized supporters. Among them the neonazists of the Proud Boys, who found themselves just 12 meters from Vice President Mike Pence, to whom they wanted to make the skin, because this evangelical, anti-IVG and anti-LGBT but common sense Christian had explained to Trump that he had lost and that they had to leave the White House...
23199	10	On June 23, former Deputy Justice Minister revealed that Trump was asking them to make a incredible fool credible to “prove” that the election had been tricked: “Italian satellites” would have manipulated the votes for Biden! The high officials (Republicans) rejected this theory out of the background of the Internet. The end of the hearing therefore reserves possible surprises, equally gratinated. The Commission’s report is expected to be published in the autumn of 2022. by 232
232	3	Food misery and energy misery: it is not possible to blame the ecologists to keep the mystery about their intentions. 
232	4	Programmatically, the most extreme ecologist parties in Europe are the Belgian Ecolo & Green and the German Die Grünen. These parties have in common to be in power at the federal level of their respective country, with socialist and liberal parties.
232	5	Belgium, along with France, is one of the countries in Europe with the lowest emission of CO2 energy mix. This virtue is entirely due to seven perfectly operating nuclear reactors. and Las! The ecologists, whose first ideological engine is and has never been merely hatred, devote to the nuclear power an unextinguible hatred. On the one hand, because the nuclear power seems to them a kind of Gaia’s rape, throwing out virtually unlimited energy. On the other hand, because this energy is precisely unlimited, which counterparts the generalized misery — they prefer modesty — which is now the primary objective of ecologists in politics. The Belgian ecologists demanded and missed little to obtain the replacement of the entire nuclear park with gas power plants. This has led Belgium to the highest emissions of CO2 in Europe. One ecologist said at the time: “No serious, the other European countries will compensate by reducing their emissions. “The bad monkey! The invasion of Ukraine has reduced the ultra-carbonist projects of ecologists to nothing. In fact, he warned that the gas power plants imagined by the ecologists would be supplied in part and by necessity with Russian gas, contributing directly to Russia’s war efforts. Defeated by the real about the extension of nuclear power, Belgian ecologists are now spinning on the details: extending two nuclear reactors while extending five of them will be necessary. In fact, the Ecolo and Green parties are still and always demanding to replace three viable nuclear reactors of the gas power plants that will explode the Belgian CO2 emissions. These gas power plants would again and always, by material necessity, be partly powered by Russian gas, thus funding the imperialism of Russia. What is new is that one learns that one of the power plants fantasmed by the ecologists would be built and therefore controlled by the totalitarian... Chinese regime. European ecologists are decisively – and decisively! The question is: what is the threshold of contradiction from which Ecolo voters – in Green there is almost no more – will wonder about the relevance, rationality and conformity to their own values, their electoral choice?
232	6	In Germany in 2018, at the United Nations tribune, President Donald J. Trump warned the Germans that they would aggravate their arch-dependence to Russian gas — that is, that of Europe — by adding North-Stream 2 to North-Stream 1. The German delegation welcomed this statement—simply factual conclusion—with such a characteristic superiority: Unlike the Belgian ecologists, the German ecologists don’t leave the piece yet: they persist in demanding — and are about to obtain — the closure of the last three German nuclear reactors in service. This, to replace them with gas — more and more gas! 55% of German gas is paid to Russia — and coal, among all the most polluting source of energy, in addition to massive emissions of CO2. We read a lot that the Germans learn from their mistakes. It is permitted to doubt.
2320	1	Covid fighting: solutions will come from the local
2320	3	The pandemic is the best demonstration that if international organizations can provide information and advice, the fight against crises should be left to local governments.
2320	5	National governments and supranational organizations such as the WHO continue to demand more power to avoid the next major crisis. But they cannot ensure the security of citizens against unpredictable disasters such as the Covid-19. Real solutions will rather come from local bodies, provided they remain flexible and prepared.
2320	7	While the World Health Organization (WHO) holds its annual meeting this week, it will say it needs a greater role and more power in combating future health crises. More than anything, the organization wants more money.
2320	9	Like natural disasters, epidemics tend to surprise. They are naturally unpredictable and it is illusory to feel safe in front of them.
2320	11	While the Covid-19 pandemic was angry, the WHO wanted to take the head of the fight against the disease. But that was not her role, and she was not equipped to take it. The organization’s work is rather to provide support in terms of sharing knowledge and experience, not to define a policy.
2320	13	In the initial phase, the Chinese made it difficult to conduct surveys on the site by the organization. Nevertheless, although Beijing has set these obstacles, the organization welcomed China’s success in depleting the disease – probably by political opportunism – and ignored the oppressive measures it has taken to it.
2320	15	The WHO’s party in favour of China was also visible when it rejected Taiwan’s request to participate as an observer at the annual assembly that took place from 24 May to 1 June 2021. This shows that politics is more important than the pandemic fight for the organization.
2320	16	Bureaucratic and disproportionate
2320	18	Faced with the pandemic, countries have generally paniced and implemented disproportionate responses. The bureaucracy has made it difficult to find quick solutions. Politics have restricted civil freedoms and many governments have adopted emergency laws that gave the executive a considerable margin of maneuver to limit fundamental freedoms. All of this had a small impact on the pandemic.
2320	20	Abundant bureaucracy and regulations hinder creativity and prevent quick decision-making. It also reduces personal responsibility. Although the pandemic is global, the situations vary depending on countries, regions and cities. In addition to global policies, the situation requires local solutions. Centralization has necessarily increased bureaucracy, slowing down the process of fighting the disease.
2320	22	Another problem is that years of prosperity and a overdimensional social protection system have boosted the concept of self-responsibility. In Europe, where socialism has strengthened, people have allowed the state to take on more and more functions, exchanging freedom against an illusion of security. However, in times of danger, personal responsibility is essential.
2320	24	People expect politicians to bring solutions. The politicians, in turn, docilely externalized this responsibility to selected scientific groups. A open scientific debate was bridged in favor of a dominant opinion.
2320	26	It seems that during these years of prosperity, societies – especially the richest – have lost their ability to respond to threats. Scottish historian Niall Ferguson notes that three very developed small countries, faced with an intense danger, have managed the situation much better than the others: Israel, Taiwan and South Korea. All three should be constantly alert. Israel must face terrorism and threats from hostile nations like Iran. Taiwan is threatened by China. South Korea faces an unpredictable, brutal and aggressive regime in North Korea.
2320	27	stay local
2320	29	In Europe, countries with more decentralized health structures and systems, such as Switzerland, Germany and Austria, experienced fewer problems, especially during the first wave. Countries such as France, Italy and Spain, whose health systems are centralized and strongly influenced by public authorities, have less well managed the crisis.
2320	31	Most countries, including Germany, wanted a European vaccine solution. They did not know that the supply has never been the role of Brussels. The plan has yet been implemented, and the result of this centralization movement is now well known: chaos and disaster.
2320	33	However, it would be wrong to bring the majority of responsibility to the European Union. You can only blame him for not refusing to take that responsibility. The responsibility lies to the national governments, especially to the major countries, who pushed Brussels to implement a centralized plan.
2320	35	The pandemic is the best demonstration that if international organizations can provide information and advice, the fight against crises should be left to local governments. The most important thing, however, is that people accept that disasters can occur unexpectedly at any time, and that they strive to ensure that local emergency plans are flexible enough to adapt to what can happen.
23200	3	In a report, the NGO accused the Ukrainian army of establishing military bases in schools and hospitals and launching attacks from populated areas.
23200	5	Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Thursday night the Amnesty International of “tempting to amnesty the terrorist state” of Russia, after the NGO accused Kiev of putting civilians in danger as part of the war with Moscow. Amnesty International “translates the responsibility of the aggressor to the victim,” he added. Earlier this day, the head of Ukraine’s diplomacy, Dmytro Kouleba, said he was “indigned” by the NGO’s “injustice” accusations.
23200	7	In a report published Thursday after a four-month investigation, the NGO accused the Ukrainian army of establishing military bases in schools and hospitals and launching attacks from populated areas, a tactic that it says violates international humanitarian law. “When the Ukrainian army settled in civilian structures in residential areas, it did not ask civilians to evacuate the surrounding buildings, nor helped civilians to evacuate them, thus abstaining from taking all possible precautions to protect the civilian population,” the report said. Citizens’ testimonies accompany this dossier, such as Mykola, who lives in the Donbass, and explains: “I don’t understand why our army is shooting from the cities and not from the countryside. »
23200	9	“False Reality”
23200	11	“Aggression against our state is unjustified, invasive and terrorist. If someone writes a report in which the victim and the aggressor are in a certain way put on a foot of equality, if some data about the victim is analyzed and the actions of the aggressor are ignored, it cannot be tolerated,” Volodymyr Zelensky added in his daily video statement.
23200	13	Ukraine denounces Amnesty’s “unfair” report, accusing it of putting civilians in danger
23200	15	Dmytro Kouleba accused Amnesty International of “creating a false balance between the oppressor and the victim, between the country that destroys hundreds and thousands of civilians, cities, territories and the country that defends itself desperately.”
23200	17	“Stop creating that false reality, where everyone is slightly guilty of something and start systematically reporting the truth about what Russia really represents today,” he added. Amnesty International, however, insisted in its report that Ukrainian tactics “no way justify the blind Russian attacks” that hit civilians.
23201	2	Kiev, Ukraine – The Ukrainian president, who has been in war for more than five months, has announced that you can now remove the Ukrainian flag from your profile photo without fear of rejection.
23201	4	“After almost six months of war, I announce to the whole world that you can remove the Ukrainian flag from your profile photo, and I promise you that we will not be angry,” Volodymyr Zelensky said in a video posted on social networks. “It made us happy at the beginning, but I understand that after a moment you want to find something else to show people that you are a good person,” he added. “I thank the citizens around the world for their support by changing their profile photos, posting dance videos on TikTok, and learning a few Ukrainian words on Duolingo before going back to Spanish. »
23201	6	“This was a great relief, because it was a few weeks I thought to replace the Ukrainian flag of my profile photo with a trick about the environment or something like it,” says Thomas, a French man who likes to contribute to important causes by showing his support with a few clicks. “With removing the Ukrainian flag from my photo on LinkedIn, I’ll finally be able to find a job by displaying the #OpenToWork mark! »
23201	8	According to sources within the Ukrainian government, Volodymyr Zelensky had himself replaced the Ukrainian flag in his room with a poster of Ursula Von Leyen. 23202
23202	2	Galavanized by the abolition of the abortion law, Texas would now want to ban “women in general”.
23202	4	After thinking, this is the best solution. Who gives birth to homosexuals? The women. Who is Abortion? The women. Who doesn’t dirty enough my lasagns? My wife.  It was told by the Republican Governor Greg Abott.
23202	6	As with the right to abortion, the Texas government is counting on its citizens to denounce women. “I’m going to do my duty to prevent this ignorance. “These beings are completely irresponsible,” Kelly told us, an American woman who fights for the prohibition of women.
23202	8	But unlike what we might think, the law does not do unanimously among the American Conservatives. This is in any case what “Bill”, a member of the Republican party and who preferred to keep anonymity “Prohibit women?” This is a rebellious and indignant act of our country. Who will run the races and the washing machine? by 23204
23204	2	Scientists from Stanford University (USA) are developing an unpublished solar cream with a protection index of 450.
23204	4	The wave of canicule that suffocates France is far from the last. For the cause? Climate warming and its disastrous consequences. A team of U.S. researchers is currently completing the creation of a “super cream.” Its index of 450 allows you to definitely block the increasingly aggressive UVs and you should no longer constantly think about reapplying it because one application per week is enough. »
23204	6	However, in Europe and especially in France, the composition of this new generation cream is discussed. While today, more and more brands talk about the “clean” composition of their formulas that respect the corals and marine species, this cream goes against this fashion. It would actually be composed of 90% crude oil: “It is used for its retro-reflecting properties, UVs come rebound on this opaque matter and do not penetrate the skin. “We have a team of scientists involved in this project.
23204	8	In addition to the question of potential harmfulness to the skin, the impact on the corals and the environment is well present and once again, the researchers have a very valid explanation: “You can’t save everyone.” 23206
23206	3	Very rare in China, internet users have openly criticized their government’s reaction to which they accuse not of prohibiting Nancy Pelosi’s landing in Taiwan.
23206	5	It is quite unusual to see Chinese nationalists publicly criticize their government. However, after Nancy Pelosi's surprise visit to Taiwan, some didn't go there with dead hands. In an article published on Thursday, the New York Times several witnesses of Chinese unhappy about the lack of direct reaction from the Chinese government when the U.S. chief deputy plane landed in Taipei on August 3.
23206	7	“Do not demonstrate power if you don’t have power,” a user launched on the Weibo network, for example. “What humiliation,” another one wrote. Some have compared the People's Liberation Army to the Chinese football team, considered the country's laugh, never qualified for the World Cup once. Other reactions were also more sulfuric: some members of the Communist Party said on We Chat that they would like to resign by shame of their government and an army veteran said he no longer wanted to mention his military experience for the same reasons, reports the New York Times.
23206	9	The origin of their anger? China, which had promised consequences after Pelosi's visit,'t have executed them. When the president of the U.S. House of Representatives had mentioned her visit to Taiwan, although she had specified “to come in peace”, China, angry, had rushed to mention a potential military escalation if the speaker’s visit wasined. A few minutes after the landing, China had announced “targeted military actions” around the island and its willingness to impose economic sanctions on its neighbor. But the absence of concrete military action at the arrival of Nancy Pelosi disappointed some Chinese nationalists. On Wednesday afternoon, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Hua Chunying, replied saying he thought the Chinese people were a rational people and they trusted their country and their government.
23206	11	The Chinese government has taken action.
23206	12	However, on Thursday, 4 August, China began a series of military maneuveres around Taiwan. Five missiles crashed in Japan's territorial waters, according to Tokyo. At least 11 others would have hit the waters north, south and then east of the island. In total, 27 aircraft of the People's Liberation Army entered the surrounding areas. Missiles would have flown over the Matsu Islands, a few kilometers from the Chinese coast.
23206	14	"On Friday, Chinese aircraft and war vessels crossed the “median line” of the Taiwan Strait, the Taiwan government announced. ""After 11 a.m., multiple groups of Chinese war aircraft and war vessels conducted exercises around the Taiwan Strait and crossed the median line of the Strait,"" the government said in a statement. “This Chinese military exercise, whether it’s the launch of ballistic missiles or the deliberate crossing of the Middle Line of the Strait, is a highly provocative act,” he said. What may be the disappointment of the Chinese nationalists.23207"
23207	3	The EU estimates that Viktor Yanukovych, 72-year-old and living in Russia, still plays “a role in achieving or threatening the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine.”
23207	5	"The EU member states on Thursday, August 4, imposed sanctions on former pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych and his son Oleksander for their alleged role in the security threat to Ukraine. The European Council said in a statement that the two men were added to a list of European sanctions ""in response to the unjustified Russian military aggression against Ukraine."""
23207	7	Viktor Yanukovych was president of Ukraine from February 2010 to February 2014, date to which he was overturned by a popular uprising against the turn taken by his government, which had turned away from the West to get closer to Moscow. President Putin's Russia reacted to the defeat of his ally by taking over the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea and an enclave in the eastern region of Donbass. In February, Moscow launched a widespread offensive against Ukraine. Several member states of the European Union and NATO provide Kiev with sophisticated weapons to help it defend itself, and Brussels has adopted a series of sanctions.
23207	9	“Role in Achieving Territorial Integrity” of Ukraine
23207	10	"The EU estimates that Viktor Yanukovych, 72-year-old and living in Russia, still plays “a role in achieving or threatening the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine.” The statement published on Thursday in the EU's official newspaper accuses him of complot to attempt to return to power in Ukraine if the Russian invasion succeeds to overthrow President Volodymyr Zelensky. ""According to various sources, Mr. Viktor Yanukovych was part of a special Russian operation aimed at replacing the Ukrainian president by him, during the early stages of the illegal military aggression against Ukraine,"" the newspaper said. His son was sentenced for the same reason and for “to carry out transactions with the separatist groups of the Donbass region.”"
23207	12	"The 49-year-old is accused of being enriched through connections in his father's former regime and possessing and real estate in the self-proclaimed ""Republics"" of Donetsk and Lougansk, territories controlled by the pro-Russian forces in the Donbass. As sanctioned persons, Viktor Yanukovych and his son will be subject to a EU visa ban and a freeze of their potential assets held in the EU countries.23209"
23209	2	The Prime Minister spoke on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the dekriminalization of homosexuality.
23209	4	"“The battle is not won, there are still steps to pass.” Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne announced on Thursday, 4 August, the nomination ""for the end of the year"" of a ""LGBT+ rights ambassador"". Related to the Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs, the latter ""will bear the voice of France and defend the universal dekriminalization of homosexuality and transidentity,"" the head of the government said."
23209	6	Elisabeth Borne expressed herself during a visit to the LGBT+ center in Orléans (Loiret), on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the dekriminalization of homosexuality. The Prime Minister also announced the establishment of a fund of 3 million euros in order to create ten new LGBT+ centers and finance the 35 already existing. “We want to have at least two centers in each region of Hexagone and at least one center in each overseas region,” she added. This fund will be included in the Finance Act for 2023 and the amount will be covered for the period 2023-2026. In 2023, 1.5 million euros will be unlocked, Matignon said.
23209	8	"During her visit, Elisabeth Borne did not escape a new question about her minister Caroline Cayeux, who had used the expression ""this people"" about LGBT+ people during an interview in mid-July. The Prime Minister camped on his position: ""very clearly, the line of the President of the Republic, my line, the line of the government is not ambiguous: we will continue to fight"" for LGBT+ rights, acknowledging ""unfortunate statements"" and claiming ""excuses"" submitted by the minister."
2321	3	In the absence of the neutrality of Switzerland, orpher in the matter, between the West, on the one hand, and China, India and Russia, on the other hand, it is the world that could suffer the consequences and Switzerland.
2321	5	On August 6, 2014, I published an article on The Neutrality of Switzerland and the War in Ukraine. I recalled that the neutrality of Switzerland found its origin in the defeat of Marignan (1515) from which the policy of expansion of the Confederates was ended.
2321	7	After a short period, between 1798 and 1815, the neutrality of Switzerland was always effective, until 1989. It has become more and more relative, after its membership in the United Nations in 2002, although two articles of the Swiss Constitution stated that it must be preserved.
2321	9	According to Article 173 of the Constitution, the first of the tasks and powers of the Federal Assembly is to take “the necessary measures to preserve the external security, independence and neutrality of Switzerland.”
2321	11	According to Article 185 of the Constitution, the Federal Council “takes measures to preserve the external security, independence and neutrality of Switzerland.”
2321	13	What is, or is not, the neutrality of Switzerland is not, however, enrolled in the Constitution, which – it is regrettable – allows some to say and/or do anything about it, others to violate it rigorously by relativizing the neutrality, making it allegedly flexible.
2321	15	Already in 2014, at the time of the annexation of Crimea, Switzerland adopted economic sanctions against Russia, as comparable to real war acts1, pushing the way to the United States and the European Union.
2321	17	At the time, it was not yet about Switzerland’s approach to NATO, as the head of the Defence Department, Viola Amherd, representing the Centre, wishes, or joining this military organization as the president of the Radical Liberal Party, Thierry Burcart wishes.
2321	19	At the time, it was not about exporting weapons and ammunition in full conflict to one of the fighters, i.e. promoting a so-called Camp of the Good against what would be the Camp of the Evil.
2321	21	Individually, a Switzerland may have an opinion on the conflict, condemn the invasion of Ukraine by Vladimir Putin and/or seek the deep causes of it, but the Switzerland authorities have the constitutional and moral duty to preserve the neutrality of the country.
2321	23	Indeed, the neutrality of the original Switzerland has enabled it to ensure its internal cohesion, to stay away from conflicts, to continue exchanges with ballerins, to fulfill in the twentieth century a function of European balance, to offer its good offices.
2321	25	This progressive abandonment of Switzerland’s neutrality, which today translates into an effective party taken from the country for one of the ballerins against the other, is therefore contrary to both the security and well-being of Switzerland’s inhabitants and the establishment of a peace dialogue between nations.
2321	27	While for more than two centuries, both good and bad, Switzerland has managed to preserve this role of mediator among nations, it would be harmful for both Switzerland and the Western countries to really, permanently give up.
2321	29	In the absence of Switzerland’s mediation, orpher in the matter, between the West, on the one hand, and China, India and Russia, on the other hand, it is the world that could suffer the consequences and Switzerland, first of all, the small country of William Tell, which weighs heavy in this concert only by its independence and neutrality.
23211	3	Despite the calls from the West and Japan, China announced on Monday the continuation of military exercises near Taiwan, still to respond to Nancy Pelosi's visit to the island claimed by Beijing.
23211	5	"The day after the departure of Ms. Pelosi, number three U.S. and President of the House of Representatives, the Chinese army had launched on Thursday vast ""real shooting"" maneuver in six large areas around Taiwan."
23211	7	"These exercises, in any case in this configuration, had to end Sunday afternoon (04:00 GMT) according to the Chinese maritime security administration. They were intended to train on a ""block"" of the island, according to official Chinese media."
23211	9	But maneuveres continue.
23211	11	“The People’s Liberation Army [...] continues to conduct interarmed practical exercises in the maritime and air space around Taiwan, focusing on joint anti-submarine and offensive operations in the sea,” the East Command of the Chinese Army said in a statement on Monday.
23211	13	"He has not specified in which areas these maneuveres are taking place, neither whether they are ""real shot"" or not."
23211	15	The Chinese army has conducted in recent days around Taiwan the largest military exercises in its history in this area, sending hunting aircraft, war vessels, drones and shooting ballistic missiles.
23211	17	From their scale, they raised the criticism of the leaders of the G7 diplomacy (USA, Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Canada, the United Kingdom), who believed there was “no justification” to these “aggressive” maneuver.
23211	19	“The Factors of Disorders”
23211	21	After China suspended a series of Chinese-American discussions and cooperations, including on climate change, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken called China’s response “total disproportion”.
23211	23	With his Japanese and Australian counterparts, Mr. Blinken also published a statement calling on China to stop its military exercises.
23211	25	Asked on Monday, Wang Wenbin, a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, did not formally confirm the holding of new exercises but stressed that Beijing’s response was “legitimate, rational and legal.”
23211	27	“This is a warning to the faulty of troubles as well as a lesson to Taiwan’s independence supporters,” he said at a regular press conference, defending “transparent and professional” military maneuver.
23211	29	“We call on the United States to make a test of consciousness and to correct their mistakes as soon as possible, and to stop playing the map of Taiwan in order to hinder (the development of) China.”
23211	31	Taiwan's armed forces on Monday announced that they will organize this week real-world ball military exercises simulating the island's defense against a Chinese invasion.
23211	33	They will train to face landings on Tuesday and Thursday in the region of Pingtung, in the extreme south. Several hundred soldiers and about 40 fighters will be deployed for these exercises, according to the same source.
23211	35	According to the army, these exercises were already scheduled and are not a response to Chinese exercises.
23211	37	The missile -
23211	39	"Taiwan's Prime Minister Su Tseng-chang said on Sunday that ""the brutal use of military force by China shoots regional peace and stability."""
23211	41	According to Chinese public television CCTV, ballistic missiles have flown over Taiwan this week, which would be a first.
23211	43	To prove how much it had approached the Taiwanese coasts, the Chinese army broadcast this weekend a photo taken according to it from one of its war ships, where a building of the Taiwanese Navy is seen just a few hundred meters away.
23211	45	China estimates that Taiwan, with approximately 23 million inhabitants, is one of its provinces, which it has not yet managed to unite with the rest of its territory since the end of the Chinese Civil War (1949).
23211	47	Opposed to any initiative giving Taiwanese authorities international legitimacy, Beijing stands up against any official contact between Taiwan and other countries.
23211	49	U.S. officials frequently visit this island, but China considers that Mrs. Pelosi’s visit, one of the highest figures in the U.S. state, was a major provocation.
2323	3	There are so many angles under which we can see the war in Ukraine. I have done my best to cover them so that I have an idea of why we are here... to lead us to a much larger conflict.
2323	5	Despite my deep cynicism, I am essentially an optimist. I have a tendency to see outcomes that make mankind get away from any kind of final solution. And sometimes this means that we must look beyond the conditions of the current conflict and see it in the broader context of what humanity is trying to.
2323	7	Don’t forget that is my party. There is a solution even if things seem dark, because mankind has always gone back in front of the worst of its excess when it was personally faced with it, at least for a few generations, until the memories disappear.
2323	9	During World War II, the good, the allies, defeated the evil, the Axis, but above all the Nazis. I am not one of those who subscribe to this caricature of events. I know the problems are much deeper than that.
2323	11	During the war, the propaganda of both camps reached the summit of reductionism. The other camp represents evil.
2323	12	Putin, in turn, treats both the Ukrainians as brothers of Russia and Nazis, exaggerating the genocide of the Russians in the Donbass. While in the United States, we call the Russians by names that we would normally reserve to the worms that invade our kitchen.
2323	14	This conflict between the West and the East is a conflict of civilization in which each party uses the words in a very specific way, which creates the opportunity for this kind of reductive propaganda. In the podcast I made with him, Joaquin Flores tried to clarify this idea from the Russian point of view.
2323	16	He explained what Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov meets with the word “neutral” with regard to Ukraine. For Lavrov and Russia, neutral means being part of the great state of the Russian Union, making Ukraine a partner of Russia as well as Belarus and soon Kazakhstan.
2323	18	The United States and the angry worms of the British intelligence services, who develop the discussion points of this war, define neutrality as the Swiss: unaligned, a tampon state. And this deviation in the definition is used with cynicism by NATO and the West that promote the idea that the Russians do not meet their international obligations. This allows them to justify their assistance to the heroic defense of Ukraine against an hostile invader.
2323	20	And Russia is now a hostile invader. It is a fact.
2323	22	To promote this simplistic story is to ignore the last eight years in Ukraine as well as the progress of NATO in Europe over the last 30 years.
2323	24	But that is where the unbreakable gap between the East and the West lies.
2323	26	The fault of this gap is entirely liable to NATO and the West who have progressed regularly to reach the Russian border in the Donbass. Discussing this topic in other words is pathetic and is only an excuse to express its inherent racism and its thirst for blood towards the Russians.
2323	28	This is what all those who put a Ukrainian flag on their Twitter thread do, whether they are aware of it or not.
2323	30	You do not support the right to self-determination of a people acting freely here. Ukraine is a crucial fantoche state for an aggressive conquest war led by those who have inflicted you two years of deprivation and humiliation because of the COVID and who now want to exploit you as a tax beast while you live in an infranchissable orwellian Panoptic.
2323	32	The list of Russia’s complaints is as long as any bill passed by a congressional commission today. But the most important were the attempts to overthrow Belarus and Kazakhstan. These two pivot countries have been victims of failed revolutions aimed at overthrowing existing governments and installing NATO-controlled marionets, trying to reproduce the “ victory” in Ukraine in 2014.
2323	34	Not only did they fail sadly, but they mainly strengthened the objectives of Russia that wants to bring the former Soviet republics back to its orbit and end their flirt with the West. The only Soviet republic that remains is Ukraine, the Baltic countries simply have no strategic importance.
2323	36	Discussing this war otherwise than in these terms means deliberately passing beyond the essential. And our neoconservatives from the State Department and the White House have resolutely conducted foreign policy in this way, demonstrating a level of ingenuity and scam that, honestly, cannot be described without having recourse to marine jury.
2323	38	This can only lead to the conclusion I have made several times. This war was chosen by the West. It was designed in this way. All NATO, the United Kingdom, France and the United States’ diplomacy attempts were nothing but exercises to save time to strengthen Ukraine to launch a blitz attack on the Donbass and sanction Russia for simply reacting.
2324	3	Philippe de Villiers quotes the Socialist Interior Minister who will stretch the hand of the clandestines in the Jungle of Calais on 1 July 2001: “The identity of France is closely linked to the history of the migration flows. You have to have the lucidity to recognize it. Philippe de Villiers cites Jacques Dupâquier, author of The History of the European Population, who did not tolerate this impeachment: “The true scandal lies in the fact that the entire history of the population of France is presented by pseudo-scientificists in an abominably tendential way. He denounced this allegation that our territory would have been populated by successive waves that would have completely burned and methished the population.
2324	5	We are all foreigners or the descendants of foreigners. This myth of the origins does not stand before the conclusions of the paleo-demographic: “The total of the warriors who, in five centuries, entered Gaul, did not have to exceed 200,000 or 300,000 men. “It is a small minority compared to the millions of indigenous people already present. Later, the Roman settlers will never be a small minority. In fact, the great acculturation of our country by the Romans has no demographic basis, it is always the old ethnic foundation from the Neolithic that dominates. The invasion of the Francs, the Burgundy, the Goths, the Vandals, will very little change the population of the Gaul. The invaders were few.
2324	7	The myth of brewing is nothing more than the myth of successive migration origins and deferlants: today’s French would all come from a multitude of peoples that would be mixed.
2324	9	But according to the conclusions of Jacques Dupâquier, the external contributions, between 650 and the 1880s, were weak: the contributions of the Arabs? by Nine. The contribution of the Norman. The Infine. For a long time, France was a full world, and even rather in a state of demographic surpression.
2324	11	Our country remained a land of emigration until the denatality crisis in the early 19th century.
2324	13	It was in the 19th century that denatality favoured immigration: in 1851, there were only 380,000 foreigners in France. Serious demographers make a litier of the myth of migration banality. It was only in the early 1880s, with the first globalization, that things changed. In 1881, the bar of a million foreigners was crossed. Between the fall of the Second Empire and 1886, the foreign population doubled.
2324	15	This population contribution is partly related to a low French birth rate that leads the patronate to attract the Belgian, Italian, Polish, Armenian, etc. workforce.
2324	16	Immigration: We must regain control of our country
2324	18	But this foreign immigration, until 1950, was not an establishment, but a labor immigration: we worked in France to become a pecule and, most often, we returned to live in their country of origin. In total, the contribution of foreigners to the French population increased from 2 million in 1914 to 4 million in 1950. There is, between this immigration and that of today, a fundamental difference: at the beginning of the twentieth century, all the foreign population of France was of European origin. But it doesn’t go without friction. Thro the Third Republic, the debate on the issue of assimilation was rageous.
2324	20	France itself is wondering about its roots.
2324	22	In 1897, Maurice Barrès published Les Déracinés where he tells the misfortunes of young people cut from their roots. Abbe Lemire, one of the founders of Christian democracy, says it is not good for a whole nation to be made up of rooted. At a session on the new law on the acquisition of nationality, on March 16, 1889, MP Maxime Lecomte declared to the tribune: “The real national danger is to keep in us men who are not attached to any patria, who do not love France...
2324	24	"""It is necessary to avoid the formation of different nations in the French nation. »"
2324	26	It is recently, with the family reunification in the 1970s, that the figures explode. The arrivants come from everywhere, from the Maghreb, from Africa, from the East, from Asia. We move from work migration to population migration. Migrants have decided to move as peoples with their civilization. “You are included as you are. And if you are a people, you will be received as a people. »
2324	28	The politicians who regret this evolution would have been wrong to complain about it: a few days after the November 13 attacks, it was recommended to all those who have the usual to go down in a public place to put a free, i.e. critical speech in it, to want to be silent. When censorship is no longer enough, in a police society like our, we are invited to practice self-censorship.
2324	30	To the criminal intimidation of Islamophobia, self-control is added, by a gesture of oblative civism. Let everyone be attentive and learn to remain silent. We are in war. It is necessary to censor its public statement.
2324	32	For years, the media pillar has been enough to calm the insolvencies. Every word that crosses the line exposes its author to the infamous accusation of xenophobia. The desire to describe the real falls on the wall of moral and ideological ban: “The immigration is a chance for France.” And it continues:
2324	34	“There are no more foreigners today than in the 1930s,” “Islam is a religion of peace,” “terrorists have nothing to do with Islam.” To talk about Islamization of France, we are then accused of Islamophobia, thus racism. The suspicion leads us back to “the darkest hours of our history.”
2324	36	The lie is everywhere: “France has always been a country of immigration. “There is no reason to worry. Those who speak of mass immigration are considered xenophobic. They are crazy French.
2324	38	This petition of principle, which has been constantly repeated for decades, is the most accomplished counter-truth of the false historiography which keeps us very quiet in the hobbytude and insight, facing the most serious commotion that France has ever experienced since its birth.
2325	3	“The United States will welcome the Summit for Democracy that will be held online on 9 and 10 December 2021, allowing itself to determine who must and who must not attend the event, who is a democratic country and who is not... this will only cause the ideological confrontation and burst the fraction in the world, creating new lines of departure,” the Russian and Chinese ambassadors in Washington wrote.
2325	5	“China and Russia strongly reject this initiative [...] they call on the countries to stop using values-based diplomacy to cause division and confrontation,” the ambassadors warned.
2325	7	However, this is clearly the intention of Biden (Strategic Polarisation). The Biden team aims to build a pro-American strategic block to get the accession of a greater number of states and thus to isolate Russia and China. We are witnessing an instrumentalization of Taiwan against China (which, at the anger of Beijing, is now among the guests to the conference), and Ukraine against Russia. Both records are explosive. But of both, Ukraine is the most sensitive.
2325	9	We must not forget, however, that America approached General Chang Kai-chek since 1925. (Thro the Second World War, there were about a thousand U.S. military counselors in the Tchang Army). And after the war, the United States gave Taiwan to Kuomintang (the political movement of Chang), so that it served as a platform to foster an insurrection against the communist danger in continental China.
2325	11	Of course, the United States eventually had to face the reality and it was only in 1971 that the United States ceased to recognize the Kuomintang of Taiwan (which the single-party dictatorship ended only in 1988) as the legal representative of all China and replaced it with the PCC.
2325	13	However, China’s brilliant rise raised Washington’s concern (the Chimerica story lost its credibility [during the 1989 Tiananmen Square demonstrations, this American television series follows the story of a young American photojournalist who will immortalize the young Chinese dissident standing in front of a tank, blocking its passage, NdT]) President Obama launched the pivot to Asia [There is no doubt: in the Asia-Pacific region of the 21st century, the United States of America are ready for everything: Obama in front of the Australian parliament, NdT], then Taiwan has become the fifth destination of the world’s armed forces. The Biden team now wants to go a little further than Obama: adding a diplomatic component to the multiplication of the number of weapons. So, the wheel of time turns, and politics turns vice-versa – and it is again Don’t let Taiwan fall, while the PCC is again demonized.
2325	15	The EU is agreeing with this. In fact, they are the pom-pom girls of Don’t let Taiwan fall (although Merkel expresses some reservations). The EU demonstrates strategic incoherence playing the game of the United States against China. President Xi has issued a clear warning: It’s playing with fire. Why would Europe want to participate?
2325	17	The tactic here is not that the United States will enter war against China, but to push Taiwan’s secesionist ambitions to a point that will make Xi lose his face (an unforgivable weakness in China), and that the PCC will be divided. This is at least the master idea of an anonymous Longer Telegram written by a senior U.S. official, who claims that U.S. policy should consist of aggravating divisions within the party command. This will not work, but in the process, Europe’s relations with China will be ruined. [The longer telegram about China voluntarily has the same name as the historic George Kennan wrote in 1946 on the great Soviet strategy, NdT]
2325	19	Ukraine is the most urgent issue at the moment, because it is falling into a systemic instability in the fall: Corrupt, oligarchic and dysfunctional. Economically in bankruptcy: Ukraine has little chance of replacing the energy (gas and coal) it lost during its harsh confrontation with Russia; and not less than half of its army (100,000 men) is landed in blurry shells, coveted along a 250 km contact line, reminding the conditions of the First World War.
2325	21	The artillery strikes and the shooting of light weapons are continuing. It is a war against the Donbass militias, stretched a few hundred meters away – a war, and Ukrainian soldiers openly admit it – which cannot be won without external assistance. President Zelensky claims that the shift to the war is impossible to stop unless an external aid intervenes (dialogue with Putin).
2325	23	Not only are the forces of Kiev unable to win the war, but these demoralized troops must also know that – from the point of view of the Russian High Command – they face a demoralized Ukrainian army “exactly what he wants”: mature for an enclosure, and conquest, if it should be necessary.
2326	3	The head of the diplomacy of the Grand Duchy seems to me to be a sacred light in his field.
2326	5	While the hopes of the whole planet are to obtain an immediate ceasefire, followed by a treaty that guarantees the security of all parties in Europe, Jean Asselborn, the Talleyrand of Luxembourg, has the radical solution: physically liquidate Putin!
2326	7	"""The physical elimination of Vladimir Putin, as probably the only solution to stop the conflict"""
2326	9	I have always believed that diplomacy was the art of negotiations between governments, but I see that expeditive solutions still have a few followers within the EU.
2326	11	For our former ambassador François Bujon de l’Estang, diplomacy is based on four pillars:
2326	13	To observe, to negotiate, to represent, to sell. Asselborn adds a fifth: liquidation.
2326	15	A simple question to our diplomatic executive: how does he plan to do that?
2326	17	Send its armed divisions to Moscow to catch the Russian bear?
2326	19	It is in extreme situations that the level of our elites is measured.
2326	21	Among those who want to hunger the Russian people, those who want to put Russia at the ban of humanity, those who throw the braises while staying well placed, those who want to integrate Ukraine into the EU and those who want to clear Putin, the Western people have a beautiful brochure of angry fools.
2326	23	All these charlots jongle without knowing it with nitroglycerin bottles.
2326	25	But it’s Putin that we’re treating it as crazy!
2326	27	Let’s not take the Russian President as a resident and an amateur surprised by the events. There is no light war when you want to preserve civilian lives. I’m reading huge stories from the “specialists” in strategy.
2326	29	They are those who have been laminated in Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan, who allow themselves to judge the Russian army ineffective, extending on Ukrainian resistance. Are they expecting an enlightenment?
2326	31	If Zelensky doesn’t shake himself unnecessarily, everything can stop. 
2326	33	No one wants a long and bloody war as in Chechnya.
2326	35	Let the West push Zelensky to negotiate instead of delivering weapons to him.
2329	3	A new attempt is made by Western mercenaries to continue to feed the fight in Ukraine under the cover of “humanitarian aid.” Former Western soldiers and mercenaries are at the head of these operations.
2329	5	A British mercenary who has alleged links with U.S. intelligence services is trying to set up a version of the pseudo-humanitarian white helmets in Ukraine.
2329	7	Macer Gifford, who has already fought within the Syrian Democratic Forces (FDS) led by the Kurds and the Syrian Military Council, is launching a crowdfunding to finance supplies that he says are intended for the front line.
2329	9	On February 27, President Zelensky launched an official call to international volunteers from all over the world to help his country. The Ukrainian people need our support and they need it now,” the call page said.
2329	11	Gifford has the goal of collecting at least £15,000, which, according to him, will allow him to “create a medical team of rapid intervention, composed of international volunteers, which will be deployed on the front line during the next month.”
2329	13	He intends to be inspired by his experience in northern Syria where, in addition to fighting the Islamic State, he has set up a medical team and provided the training of the mercenary forces and the local population. But it is clear that it will not be just a humanitarian mission.
2329	15	“The ground, the special needs of the Ukrainian army and the enemy we’re going to fight mean we’ll have to bring the best possible equipment with us,” he wrote, indicating that he recruits people to take part in the fight against Russia.
2329	17	Its own Twitter page seems to go in the same direction, as it diffuses messages on how to engage in the Ukrainian armed forces after Zelensky’s call for international aid. He launched similar calls during a BBC radio debate with one of the leaders of the British Stop the War coalition, John Rees, who called the call to volunteers for the fight “ ridiculous” and dangerous.
2329	19	Gifford’s organization aims to join the fight against Russia under the cover of a humanitarian intervention, a model that has already been used before: “I want to be absolutely clear here, the ambition is to create a Ukrainian version of the White Helmets,” says Gifford, a reference to the famous group operating in Syria.
2329	21	Also known as the Syrian Civil Defense Force, the White Helmets present themselves as a humanitarian organization, but are linked both to jihadist groups and to Western military and intelligence services. Founded by former British army officer James Le Mesurier, it has received millions of dollars of funding from U.S., British and other Western governments, and serves as coverage for regime change operations.
2329	23	As we could expect, the criticism of the White Helmets is rejected as propaganda and calomnia led by the Syrian and Russian governments. But the White Helmets operate in areas held by the jihadists and their buildings are located next to the Islamist general districts in many Syrian cities.
2329	25	The group has been involved in a series of controversies and it has been shown that some of its members are supporters of Al Qaeda and other salafist organizations. He was accused of scanning chemical attacks, in Douma, to open the way for a Western military intervention in Syria.
2329	27	The fears that a White Hat operation may be deployed in Ukraine for similar purposes have long been highlighted by critics. Gifford – his real name is Harry – is originated in an easy area of the rural Cambridgeshire. Before his military adventure, he was a conservative municipal counselor and a city shift.
2329	29	He openly praised having met with the U.S. and British intelligence services and informed government officials of the situation in Syria, calling for increased military support. Through his relations, he tried to get support for the YPGs and attended meetings with finance professionals in Switzerland, the FBI in New York and within the UK Parliament.
233	1	Instead of happy globalization, the expansion of the shortage 
233	3	It was good, it was good, it was great, it was generous. Especially, it would fix everything: globalization would bring us peace, happiness, happy migration and gaining at all times. The reality explodes at the figure: in the fact of happy globalization, we discover energy slavery, economic declassification, population immigration, and the expansion of the area of shortage. No matter what, our Euromondialist research heads see salvation only in the escape forward. So the noise short of a project of expansion of Europe from 27 to... 37! Is it cacao? The more you are crazy, the more you laugh. The perspective is, however, serious since Jean-Louis Bourlanges, Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the National Assembly, explained, this Monday morning, on Europe 1, that this risks, however, to pose structural problems because “we don’t work at twenty eight or twenty-seven as we worked at six or nine or twelve, and we won’t work at thirty-seven (sic) as we work today at twenty-seven.” Of course, it is understood that this forced expansion to the east is another form of support to Ukraine which, quickly done well, would then join Turkey, North Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Albania... with undoubtedly, in prime, some joyful Caucasian mafia. And what matter if Ukraine’s non-adhesion to the European Union and its entry into NATO constitute the pivotal of peace talks with Russia. And so bad if, by this fact, the world runs to a dramatic shortage of gas, oil and food of first-need.
233	4	"Why to? Europe is not sovereign. She does and goes where the United States tells her to go and do. The shortage is growing and absorbing ten more countries in the European Union will obviously not change anything. The prices are flying and the rays are empty: more oil, pastas soon at the price of the caviar... Example of the absurdity of the time by the mosquito that will no longer raise us to the nose: while the French still believed that the mosquito is a French product, we suddenly discover that the seeds come to us in priority from Canada and Russia. Soil here, sanctions here: the end of the mouth! As for sunflower oil, it is now referred to as ""new yellow gold"", so it becomes rare. The prices, this spring, increased by an average of 7 to 8%. If the rays are empty, it is because the French make stocks, says Michel-Édouard Leclerc, the boss of the stores of the same name: “In France, today, there is no shortage for regular consumption and there will not be until the summer,” he said on BFM TV, a month ago (3/4/2022). When it comes to pasta, “there are,” he says, but for how long, knowing that “for sunflower oil, our stocks go to June”? And the meat? Ukraine supplies 30-40% of the European market of certain corns, so feed for livestock will increase and result in a cost of production for meat. And the wheat? If the crisis continues in the east – which is more than likely – we will experience a global crisis, dramatic around the Mediterranean, Maghreb and Egypt. We’ll stay until the summer, said Michel-Edouard Leclerc, a month ago. But the summer is tomorrow. And after? After that, you will need to rush on the energy and prepare to grelotter. We have abdicated at all levels, entrusted to others the entire management of our lives. We are now at the foot of the wall."
2330	1	"A Russian legislator announces that Poland is the next target on the list for ""denazification"""
2330	3	A Russian legislator has issued a flamming warning to Warsaw that it will be the next city to be “denazified”. This after the Polish Prime Minister described the Russian imperialist ideology “Russkiy mir” (Russian World) as “cancer” that devotes the Russian society and represents a “death threat” to the other countries.
2330	5	Oleg Morozov, chairman of the Russian State Douma Control Committee, wrote on Telegram that the comments of the Polish leader have made Poland the next target of Russian attack.
2330	7	"In his remarks, Mr. Morozov applied to the Kremlin's rhetoric that explains his ""special military operation"" in Ukraine by the so-called ""denazification"" - the pretext that Moscow used to vilipend the ""enemy"" within the framework of its geopolitical strategy and justify the war."
2330	9	“With its statements about Russia as a ‘cancer tumor’ and the ‘indemnity’ we have to pay to Ukraine, Poland encourages us to put it in the forefront for de-nazification after Ukraine,” Morozov wrote.
2330	11	Morozov's remarks followed the statements of Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki and Polish President Andrzej Duda, who both strongly criticized the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
2330	13	Andrzej Duda said that Russia should be forced to pay compensation to Ukraine for war damage, while Mateusz Morawiecki said that Russian President Vladimir Putin is “more dangerous” than Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin, because he has nuclear weapons and an enormous propaganda machine.
2330	15	Morawiecki wrote in a column of the British newspaper The Telegraph that “the forgiven spectra of the twentieth century has again risen against Ukraine,” claiming that the invasion of Ukraine – a neighboring country of Poland which, in 1939, was itself invaded and shared by Hitler and Stalin – carries the signs of Hitler’s nazism and Stalin’s communism, that this invasion “has already opened the doors of the genocide” and is inspired by “Russkiy mir”, the “new monstrous ideology”.
2330	17	In the name of this ideology, Putin and his military surroundings ordered the Russian armed forces to launch the war, “convinced them of their superiority and encouraged them to commit unhuman war crimes – murders, rape and torture of innocent civilians.”
2330	19	“Putin’s ‘Russkiy mir’ ideology is the equivalent of Communism and Nazism of the 20th century,” Morawiecki wrote, calling it ‘cancer that not only devotes the majority of Russian society, but also constitutes a deadly threat to the whole of Europe.’
2330	21	It is not enough to help Ukraine reject Russia’s aggression, he said, but “we must completely remove this new monstrous ideology.”
2330	23	“As Germany once was subjected to de-nazification, ‘deputinization’ today represents the only chance for Russia and the civilized world. If we do not immediately commit ourselves to accomplish this task, we will not only lose Ukraine, we will lose our soul, our freedom and our sovereignty. »
2330	25	The Polish leader also emphasized that, if we do not oppose it, Russia will not stop in Kiev, but will continue its “long walk to the West.”
2330	27	The Kremlin has denied the intention of invading other countries. Vladimir Putin said what he describes as a “special military operation” in Ukraine is a response to Western powers’ attempts to establish a ceiling in Ukraine that would threaten the security of Moscow.
2330	29	In particular, Putin has long insisted on the fact that NATO is trying to extend its borders to put pressure on Russia on a military level. This argument was rejected as being unfounded by NATO – an alliance created for defensive purposes and providing a collective response to the attack on one of its members (Ukraine is not part of it).
2330	31	Another major justification for the Kremlin’s “operation” in Ukraine was the allegation that the Russian-speaking population of the Donbass part controlled by the pro-Russian separatists was subject to a Kiev repression and that Putin called “genocide.”
2330	33	A long list of experts and academics have denounced Russia’s claims on genocide and “denazification” of Ukraine as a false pretext intended to justify a “unprovoked aggression” against its neighbor.
2332	3	U.S. diplomacy and defense leaders are expected to visit Ukraine on Sunday in Kiev, the day of the Orthodox Easter, the first U.S. visit to Ukraine after exactly two months of a war that is still rage in the east and south.
2332	5	Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Minister Llyod Austin are scheduled to arrive on Sunday in Kiev to discuss U.S. weapons supplies to Ukraine, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced on Saturday.
2332	7	“Weaker and stronger” 
2332	9	"The president would want them to be ""even harder and more powerful"" in the face of the Russian army, he said at a press conference at a metro station in the center of Kiev."
2332	11	Poland has already supplied $1.6 billion of weapons to Ukraine, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said.
2332	13	And NATO countries are starting to supply S300 missiles to Kiev for its air defense. But Kiev will also need more sophisticated weapons, including the Howitzer fighters, experts say.
2332	15	France: Milan antichars missiles and Caesar canons
2332	17	France has also announced the delivery of anti-charged missiles to Milan and Caesar canons. Ukrainian military personnel will be trained in France for their handling from Saturday.
2332	19	The calls for a ceasefire for the Easter weekend of the Orthodox Christians have multiplied in recent days, without success in reducing the struggles that have continued.
2332	21	In Athens, Greece, where more than 22,000 Ukrainians have fled since the beginning of the war, priority was given, Sunday, to religious holidays.
2332	23	“Nobody, neither Putin, neither any other dictator, neither the devil, has the right to remove us from the joy of celebrating Easter all together,” the young Ukrainian priest Roman Skripnyuk preached in front of a hundred Ukrainian Orthodox confession. The ceremony took place in the Catholic Church of the Holy Trinity in the Athenian neighborhood of Aghios Nikolaos.
2332	25	Athens: the same Orthodox traditions
2332	27	This country shares the same Orthodox traditions, and for the Ukrainians present this ceremony reminds the warm environment of pre-war celebrations. But some faces seemed dark and marked.
2332	29	“We’re sad because we’re not at home with our relatives, as we would usually do for Easter,” said Maria Chuprina, 30 years old, arriving from Izmaïl in the Odessa region with her husband Oleksi and their children, Maxim and Milana.
2332	31	In the east and south of Ukraine, largely occupied by the Russian forces, violent struggles continue.
2332	33	“They literally bomb everything, all the time, H24.”
2332	35	On Saturday morning, the Russian army said it had carried out in the last 24 hours 1098 attacks with artillery and missiles.
2332	37	“They literally bomb everything (...) all the time, H24,” wrote on his Telegram channel the governor of the region of Lougansk (East), Sergei Gaidai, calling the population to evacuate. He then announced two dead in Zolote after Russian artillery shots.
2332	39	And in the region of Lougansk, in eastern Ukraine, six civilians were found dead, victims of Russian attacks near the village of Guirské.
2332	41	According to Volodymyr Zelensky, “seven missiles targeted Odessa” on Saturday, including one that “touched a housing building” and “two that were shot down” by the Ukrainian anti-air defense system.
2332	43	At least eight people were killed in Russian attacks on the southern port city, according to a report provided by the Ukrainian presidency.
2332	45	Military airport logistics terminal near Odessa
2332	47	The Russian army said it had targeted with “high-precision missiles” a logistical terminal of the military airport near Odessa, which contains weapons delivered to Ukrainian forces by the United States and European countries.
2332	49	Parallelly, peace talks remain in an embryonic stage, especially as Russia seems, for the moment, not to have achieved its military goals.
2332	51	Volodymyr Zelensky has called again to meet with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin “to end the war.”
2332	53	With regard to the fate of Ukrainian fighters who have been removed for several weeks in the Azovstal metallurgical complex in Mariupol, a strategic port almost removed from the map after the Russian offensive, Zelensky warned that Kiev would abandon negotiations with Moscow if the latter were killed by the Russian army.
2332	55	“These people who are in a horrible situation, surrounded.”
2332	57	He also said he was “ready” to “a exchange of our soldiers who defend Mariupol,” under “any form,” to get out “those people who are in a horrible situation, surrounded.” 
2332	59	On Monday, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres will go to Turkey, an important mediator in the conflict in Ukraine, before going to Moscow and Kiev, the organization said on Sunday.
2332	61	A chronology denounced by the Ukrainian president who criticized Guterres’ decision to go first to Moscow and then only to Kiev, saying there was “no justice and no logic in this order.”
2332	63	“The war is in Ukraine, there are no bodies in the streets of Moscow. It would be logical to go first to Ukraine, to see the people there, the consequences of the occupation,” Zelensky said.
2332	65	The summit MM. Zelensky and Putin
2332	67	The United Nations also listed on Friday a series of actions by Russian soldiers “which could lead to war crimes.”
2332	69	Ankara is currently trying to organize a summit in Istanbul between MM. Zelensky and Putin, although Turkish officials admit that the prospects for such talks are currently weak.
2332	71	The Russian troops, who withdrew from the region of Kiev and northern Ukraine at the end of March, are seeking “to establish a complete control over the Donbass and southern Ukraine,” a senior Russian military official said.
2332	73	The number of refugees fleeing the Russian invasion is approximately 5.2 million, according to the UN. More than 7.7 million people have left their homes but are still in Ukraine.
2333	3	The head of the European diplomacy, Josep Borrell, said that “we have entered a new page of the History of Europe, a new page of the global geopolitics, even.” He also pointed out that the EU, the United States and NATO had taken a false step by letting Ukraine believe that it could integrate NATO.
2333	5	This promise also applies to Georgia. Josep Borrell acknowledges the errors of the diplomacy of the EU and the Western world, the errors that led to this war in Ukraine. However, he laughs when the French journalist asks him how to deliver weapons to Ukraine when “EU people don’t want to return to the Ukrainian territory”?
2333	7	In an interview with TF1, the head of European diplomacy gave his expertise on the situation in Ukraine. He discussed the topic of the war in Ukraine and the EU’s actions at the opening of the Council of the European Union in Versailles. He first denounced “a completely unjustified and free war that becomes more and more brutal and completely unacceptable for the civilized world,” but at the end of his interview the head of European diplomacy acknowledges the mistakes of Western diplomacy. Nevertheless, although Josep Borrell acknowledges these errors that led to the war, he continued to speak of his commitment to giving weapons to Ukraine, including heavy weapons, such as canons and antichars, persistent, thus, in the war and in the humanitarian catastrophe.
2333	8	"""The EU makes the list of Ukrainian military needs. It is Ukraine who asks us what it needs. And we ask the Member States who can provide,” he said. “I am paying. I participate in the weapons effort of Ukraine from a financial point of view. The main thing is ammunition and fuel,” the tanks must be able to run. We also need heavy equipment, missiles, canons, especially anti-charged missiles,” he said. "
2333	10	The EU is becoming coerent. To the journalist’s question – “How do we deliver? “Who thinks the people of the EU don’t want to come back to the Ukrainian territory, Josep Borrell replies laughing, “this, I’m not going to tell you.” The reporter pointed out that “Hungary, for example, has banned the passage through its territory [arms and ammunition] and he asks Josep Borrell, is it not becoming cobligerant? “We are not in war with Russia. Neither from a financial point of view nor from a military point of view,” says Josep Borrell to the TF1 journalist who did not miss taking the perche to make him notice a total incoherence regarding his statement: “This is what they said. But, when you are to deliver anti-charged weapons, ammunition, weapons to kill, yes, you are a might in war.” Josep Borrell, not demordering continues on his argumenting that the EU is not in war with Russia: “No, we are not in war”, “we don’t want to be in war”, “we can’t afford to be in war”.
2333	12	Although Josep Borrell claims not to think “that the end of the war will not come from a rise of the Russian population”, he evokes the technique of the “ regime change” but denying to want to use this tool: “We are not in the regime change,” because, according to Josep Borrell, “the goal is not to change the Russian political regime.” “The goal is to stop the war. “To stop the war, we need to press Putin.” 
2333	14	Jospe Borrell admitted the errors about NATO and the promises made to Russia. The TF1 journalist asks the EU diplomat if “we’ve made too much confidence in the Americans who have not stopped expanding NATO” and “who actually dominate us.” He would even say that “the Russians were also misleading.” It is at that moment of the interview that Josep Borrell declares: “I’m ready to admit that we’ve made mistakes.” The EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy accuses, at this moment, the EU’s wrong political and diplomatic decisions: “We’ve lost opportunities for Russia to get closer to the West after the end of the Soviet Empire. The Russians suffered a lot. This must be understood as well. There were times, maybe, when we could have done better. “There are times when things have been proposed and we have not been able to make the promise that Ukraine, Georgia, would not be part of the NATO.” To the French journalist’s question, “Is it a mistake that Ukraine could return to NATO? Josep Borrell says that “this is a mistake as a promise that cannot be fulfilled.”
2334	3	A few days ago, the National Health Service (NHS) of the United Kingdom changed its page dedicated to the monkey variole in order to modify its content on a few essential points.
2334	4	First, they deleted a paragraph from the section “How do we catch the monkey’s variole?” until a few days ago, according to the archived links, the Monkeypox page said this, concerning the transmission from person to person: “It’s very rare to contract the monkey’s variole from one person infected, because it’s not easily transmitted from one person to another.” 
2334	5	This was completely removed.
2334	7	Secondly, they deleted this paragraph, which was present at least until November 2021 (and much more recently, there are no archives between November and May):
2334	8	[The monkey variole] is generally a beneficial disease that improves by itself without treatment. Some people may develop more severe symptoms, which is why patients with monkey variol in the UK are treated in specialized hospitals. »
2334	10	The new paragraph “treatment” is read as follows:
2334	11	“The treatment of the monkey variole aims to alleviate the symptoms. The disease is generally beneficial and most people recover within 2 to 4 weeks [...] You may have to stay in a specialized hospital so that your symptoms can be treated and to prevent the infection from spreading to other people
2334	13	They thus abolish the idea that the disease “will improve by itself” and again strengthen the idea of a spread of the disease, although it has been described as “very rare” not later than last week.
2334	14	They even add a line on self-isolation, which has never been mentioned before:
2334	15	“As the monkey variole can spread in case of close contact, you will have to be isolated if you are diagnosed with the disease. »
2334	17	Finally, they add a warning about the possibility of contracting the monkey's variole by eating insufficiently cooked meat, which will undoubtedly feed the anti-meat speech (oh, wait, that's already the case).2335
2335	3	"Volodymyr Zelensky called for a meeting with Vladimir Putin to “end the war.” The President of Ukraine has repeated his position that any discussion will become impossible if his troops in Mariupol were killed. ""I think that whoever started this war will be able to end it,"" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky spoke on April 23 at a press conference inside a metro station in the center of Kiev, saying that ""he was not afraid to meet"" Vladimir Putin if this allowed to reach a peace agreement between Russia and Ukraine."
2335	5	"“I have insisted from the beginning on negotiations with the Russian president,” he said. “It’s not that I want to meet him, it’s that I have to meet him so that this conflict can be resolved by diplomatic means.” – “We trust our partners, but there’s no confidence with Russia,” he said. The Ukrainian president also said, as he had already done in the past, that Kiev would abandon negotiations with Moscow if Ukrainian soldiers removed in the vast metallurgical complex of Azovstal in Mariupol in southeastern Ukraine were killed by the Russian army. “If our men are killed in Mariupol and if pseudo-referendums are organized in the Kherson region, then Ukraine will withdraw from any negotiation process,” he said. He also said he was ready for an exchange of Ukrainian soldiers who are dispatched in Mariupol. Vladimir Putin on April 22 presented the re-evaluated targets of the Russian offensive in Ukraine as his country’s armed forces surround the Mariupol factory. The Russian head of state talked to the President of the European Council, Charles Michel, about the measures that Russian forces would take to protect the civilian population: the opening of humanitarian corridors and the ""announcement of ceasefire to safely evacuate civilians from the war zone,"" the Kremlin's statement said. On April 21, the Russian Defence Minister Sergei Choigou informed President Vladimir Putin that the forces of the Russian Federation, and the People's Republic of Donetsk (recognized by Moscow) controlled the whole of Mariupol, except the industrial site of Azovstal. In early April, Russia estimated that “a lot of foreign mercenaries” were present in the city. After the ""liberation"" of Mariupol by the Russian forces, the Russian president suspended on April 23 the attack on the industrial site of Azovstal, for humanitarian reasons, he advanced to Charles Michel. He asked the Russian president during their telephone interview to guarantee humanitarian corridors in the city on the occasion of the Orthodox Easter. As a reminder, Russia launched on February 24 a military operation in Ukraine, denounced by Kiev and the West in particular as an invasion war. According to Russian President Vladimir Putin, this operation aims to “demilitarize” and “denazify” Ukraine and to help the self-proclaimed Republics of Donbass (recognized by Moscow), whose populations would be threatened by “genocide”."
2336	1	The EMF wants children to learn in the metaphor to fight climate change
2336	3	“Disconnecting” the children from the physical world and “connecting” them to a virtual world is the path to follow in terms of the future of education, according to the World Economic Forum (WEF).
2336	5	It is one of the “jewelry” that came out of this year’s gathering in Davos. A post published on the EMF’s website states that this orientation is necessary, among other things, to fight climate change – rather the pressure in this direction will drive to the digitization of education. Other reasons would be improving the quality, accessibility and accessibility of education.
2336	7	Children, who are now too “dependent” on learning tools such as manuals, booklets and pencil, should in the future be immersed in virtual reality (RV), augmented reality (RA) and mixed reality environments, writes Dr. Ali Saeed Bin Harmal Al Dhaheri.
2336	9	The pandemic is quoted as a good example of how digital tools can be used for online teaching, but, according to the author, they are not enough, because students were simply seeing themselves transferring knowledge instead of living a practical and “personal” experience.
2336	11	The post regrets that although technological advances are widely used to transform the administrative and service sectors, it is currently not enough to disrupt education.
2336	13	“The infiltration of these progress into the educational systems has become a growing imperative,” says Al Dhaheri, who believes that the RV will be a crucial element of the future “experimental learning” that allows students to see, hear, touch and act in a virtual world.
2336	15	The RV and the combined metaphor will be the place where students and teachers will be immersed in communication and sharing, “exceeding the limits of space and time.”
2336	17	The report is only to mention the risks and concerns regarding the removal of children from human interaction in the educational process and the increase in their isolation, recognizing that the RV does “a little” this, but only if it is not properly controlled, and if its introduction lacks “a guided system”.
2336	19	However, Al Dhaheri believes that the benefits take it over the risk here and that students will find the virtual environment more attractive while developing “more strong skills. »
2336	21	The article urges leaders, educators and regulators to promote this program in a proactive way, and notes that this movement is already beginning to occur in countries such as the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
2337	3	Turkey refuses Finland and Sweden to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization because of the country’s support to the PKK or Kurdistan Workers’ Party, a terrorist organization in Turkey. President Teyep Recep Erdogan has gone to announce that it was useless that delegations from the two countries come to Turkey to negotiate this refusal.
2337	5	In fact, the Turkish leadership has placed a bar in a almost unstable game. During the war in Syria, Turkey effectively exercised a direct migration chantage on its European allies and obtained an immense benefit from it, both on the internal level, publicly neglecting European partners who didn’t want a Turkey in the European Union, but above all external by obtaining more than $5 billion annually by standing up as the guardian of the doors of migration flows from the Middle East and from Asia to Europe.
2337	7	Strength of his previous successes, Erdogan repeats with online look at obtaining more advantage but this time including the great US ally. This posture seems to have annoyed Washington to the point that the Americans tried a double poker hit of an informational offensive. The CNN channel has even heard that Turkey could be excluded from NATO. Uninterruptible, Erdogan knows very well that without Turkey, NATO will end as the dead Warsaw Pact. This is a bluff that aims to lower the bar of Turkish demands. These are not modest. In exchange for a Turkish green light for Finland and Sweden’s NATO membership, Turkey demands:
2337	9	Reactivate the contract for the delivery of F-35 Lightning F-35 Lokhheed-Martin fighter aircraft with transfer of technology and production on site;
2337	11	Authorization to import Russian anti-air defense systems S-400 Triumf (SA21 Growler) while being excluded from the US sanctions regime;
2337	13	Immediate withdrawal of the weapons embargo imposed on Turkey by Sweden;
2337	15	4. condemnation by Finland and Sweden of “Kurd terrorism” and the end of the support and facilities of the PKK in these two Nordic countries;
2337	17	5) Different financial compensations defined by the Turkish party without negotiation possibilities.
2337	19	The U.S. Department has not appreciated Turkey’s exploitation of this opportunity to “to put a gun on the tempe” of its allies in a very difficult context in order to advance its own interests but Erdogan is sure of his blow and knows that by placing the very high bar, he will have the vital minimum so that he can gain sustainable profits. Regardless of the geostrategic configuration, Finland and Sweden do not make the weight before Turkey, even for the rearmament of the Baltic and the Arctic polar circle against Russia.
2337	21	The silence of Britain on this issue tells a lot about the relations of force and realpolitik within the NATO. Scandinavian countries are pions to use but Turkey remains a device. This is all the difference on which the leadership is based to negotiate its own dividends.2339
2339	3	"The President of the United States does not mock his words in front of the Russian leader. Joe Biden visited Warsaw, Poland on Saturday, March 26, to speak there and meet with Ukrainian refugees. During his departure, he described Vladimir Putin as a “mord” and a “dictator”. He did not stop with these two words and took advantage of them to say that the Russian president should ""not remain in power."" He also said that “Russia will never win in Ukraine. We will have a bright future, based on democracy, hope and light, probity and freedom. “The U.S. president can afford to use a martial tone, because he knows that his country is not at risk. The United States is sovereign in all aspects: economic, political and military. Joe Biden, with his shocking statements, goes back to the center of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict."
2339	5	But here, the random statements of the U.S. President have consequences in Europe – the continent on which the armed conflict is ongoing. They come to disturb the strategy of the Europeans who maintain the cost of the dialogue with Vladimir Putin. As Anthony Bellanger emphasizes on BFM TV, “Europeans have for neighbor Vladimir Putin,” which underlines that we have no other choice than to dialogue, at the risk of accelerating tensions between the Western countries and Russia. Unlike the country of Uncle Sam, Europe is not self-sufficient in terms of energy. It has to take into account its dependence on Russian gas. It was the 46th President of the United States.
2339	7	However, this is not the first time the terms used by Joe Biden have reacted, since the invasion of Ukraine. Two weeks ago, the leader of the world’s first power had treated his counterpart as “war criminals.”
2339	9	"On the Russian side, the Kremlin described the attacks against Vladimir Putin as ""personal insults"" and asked Joe Biden to stay ""thinking"". Moscow informed the press that the Russian authorities would continue to follow “very carefully the statements of the U.S. president.”"
234	3	The European Commission was expected to present on Wednesday 27 April a draft directive aimed at facilitating the arrival of “competences and talents” in Europe. Clearly, to promote the legal migration of workers and youth to address the demographic challenge and to address the lack of workforce in sectors such as health, technology, construction or transport.
234	5	The European executive also wanted to wait for the outcome of the French presidential election to not run the risk of an instrumentalization of these issues by the extreme right. Finally, the finding, strongly supported by the employer federations, that several Member States suffer from a shortage of workforce that could hinder recovery policies has been another incentive for the European executive.
234	7	However, the Commission, which says it wants to present a “ambitious and sustainable plan,” states that no Member State will be forced to implement it. It is not a question of a new “political suicide,” a diplomat observes referring to the project of compulsory quotas for refugees to be welcomed that the college had mentioned, led at the time by Jean-Claude Juncker. It had led to a serious crisis and created a cessation between the founding states and the countries of Central and Eastern Europe. This is a matter of respecting the competence of the Member States, the Commission emphasizes. “Everyone will decide and the EU will support the states, on a practical and operational level, to face the challenges of demography and migration,” the statement said. In 2021, it was the Parliament that invited it to propose measures to harmonize the conditions of reception, to simplify the procedures and to fight illicit labour.
234	8	It should first concern Tunisia, Morocco and Egypt, then Senegal, Nigeria, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Countries that are already linked to the EU by various immigration agreements, but which also provide significant contingents of clandestines. Of which to confirm that the project aims in priority to re-balance the relations between the countries concerned and Europe, and a kind of donor: Europe would offer more openness to regulated migration in exchange for a better control of illegal migration. This was one of the objectives of the “migration pact” defined by Brussels, whose adoption is still facing difficulties. Under the impulse of the French Presidency of the EU, therefore, it was agreed between the Twenty-Seven that a step-by-step progress should be preferred, of which this initiative is part.
234	10	The question remains whether third countries, which often refuse to accept the return of their private nationals of a residence permit in a EU country, will resolve to facilitate re-admission in exchange for measures for their best-trained citizens. They should benefit from more flexible decisions on employment permits, residence rights and respect for fundamental rights. The Commission also insists on its willingness to allow young people, less trained, to travel and work easier in the Union. And also to promote the access of others to entrepreneurship, especially in the key sector of new technologies. The mobility of all within the European space should also be made easier.
2340	1	When is a joint proposal for LR-FN on the remigration?
2340	3	 The last week was marked by the Republicans’ proposals on immigration. It was a very expected step forward. These proposals are very similar to those of the National Front. This is a combination of struggles that I find sympathetic! All this goes in the right direction, but there is the essential thing missing: the remigration, alias the inversion of the migration flows.
2340	5	Indeed, the birth of allogens already present in the Hexagone will be enough to submerge us in a few decades. Everyone knows that Algeria had one million inhabitants in the time of Abd El Kader, nine million Muslims in 1962 when the French had to leave under death penalty, and 45 million now. What a horror if the French Algeria supporters had won! There are now more Muslims in France than there were in 1962 in Algeria. And they fully understood that the abdomen of their women was a weapon against which our “Right State” condemned us to impotence. A very simple calculation demonstrates that an initial minority of 10% who has six children per couple becomes majority in two generations compared to 90% of the beginning who, they, have only two children.
2340	7	In the face of this disaster announced, the respect for politically correct conventions seems to me disgraceable. Even if the social body’s reaction had to be translated, in the field of the Code of Nationality, by a legal pataches such as the return to the right of blood with retroactive effect. We hear from here the beautiful souls and their “return to the darkest hours of our history.” The identity of France and the right of the French to live in a country they love according to the laws they have in principle chosen are at this price.
2340	9	However, I understand that what I say here is publicly indicible for a national-level politician. You can keep it in mind without mentioning it in the press.
2340	11	On a related topic, I find that the similarity of the proposals of LR and FN should be translated into an electoral agreement, which Laurent Wauquiez still affects to reject with pleasure.
2340	13	What does he have to lose? The departure of Ladies Pécresse and Calmels, or of Ladies Apparu or Calan? The good deal. Let them join the Centrists of Mr. Lagarde, or even the “walkers”! The places are already taken and they will disappear without any popular support. The vast majority of LR supporters will not even regret them.
2340	15	What does he have to win? The consistency simply, and, accurately, the personal credibility that, at the moment, makes it terribly lacking. The media, and even the leaders of LR, are constantly saying that we don’t know what he thinks. It is annoying anyway. Unless he makes his own the maximum of Mitterrand, alias Le Florentin, according to which we get out of ambiguity only at his expense. This is in contradiction with the adjective that often comes back in his speeches, i.e. clear. What the French People expect is a courtesy competition, in understanding and without acrimony, between LR and the FN. Question of personalities more than program differences.2341
2341	3	Recognising nuclear and natural gas as green, the EU has affirmed human well-being and environmental progress, rather than the dogmatism of renewable energy.
2341	5	The most influential climate activist in the world, without a dolphin in sight, is Greta Thunberg.
2341	7	Time Magazine has named it a person of the year 2019 and it seems inevitable that it will end up winning the Nobel Peace Prize, unless this year.
2341	9	"With her 14 million followers on Instagram and her five million followers on Twitter, everything she does is a news. Reuters has called it one of its main ""Moments of 2021"". Thunberg singing and dancing at a promotional concert “Climate Live” ahead of the United Nations climate negotiations."
2341	11	But despite her famousness, Mrs. Thunberg’s political influence has never been so low.
2341	13	Two weeks ago, Thunberg and other leaders in the fight against climate change demanded that Europe don’t fund nuclear power plants or natural gas production, but the European Commission rejected its requests and confirmed Saturday that nuclear and natural gas will be considered sustainable and will therefore be able to benefit from EU funding. The EU’s “sustainable taxonomy” agreement seems to be a compromise between France, which is dependent on nuclear power, and Germany, which is increasingly dependent on gas.
2341	15	Thunberg is still strong. Until recently, many analysts thought that the shareholders’ activism aimed at forcing the disinvestment of oil and gas production was strictly symbolic, a simple way to attract attention to the need for a public policy. It is now clear that this activism has been remarkably effective in suppressing the financing of the private sector for the exploration and production of oil and gas, thereby contributing to the shortages. This was largely due to the extraordinary scope of Thunberg and his emotional connection with young people, including students, and the children of the financial, journalistic and intellectual elites.
2341	17	But the EU’s decision to ratify gas and nuclear energy as green products is a hard blow to Thunberg and the climate and renewable energy lobby.
2341	19	It follows the collapse of Biden’s climate program, in part because it would make the United States dangerously dependent on renewable energies; the hypocrisy of European diplomats during the United Nations climate talks, who demanded that Africa remain clean of coal and gas while European energy ministers rushed to burn coal and acquire natural gas; and, now, to replace by Germany half of its nuclear power plants with coal and natural gas.
2341	21	What is happening? Just a few weeks ago, it seemed that Europe was doing a “transition to renewable energies.”
2341	23	Why do we use nuclear and natural gas? And why were Thunberg and the climate movement defeated in Europe, where they were supposed to be the strongest? And what does this mean for the following events?2343
2343	3	Various technocratic and/or militant devices allow to spread puzzle the real costs of immigration, making them less impressive. But sometimes a grain of sand influences the mechanics and reveals unknown holes. This is the case in Loire-Atlantic with Migrants Integration (AMI).
2343	5	This association law of 1901 was established in 2006 with the aim of professional and continuous training, and more specifically the “integration of asylum seekers into the French society through mandatory activities or preparing for aid at return”. In 2020, it reaches the big lot: the Ministry of Labour makes it one of the beneficiaries of its Investment Plan in Skills (PIC). Their purpose is, in short, to put in employment persons receiving a refugee status or a subsidious protection.
2343	7	It is not so simple, however! “First arriving people are very motivated, but those who get their refugee status are tempted to take advantage of the system,” said Catherine Libault, founder of AMI, quoted in 2019 by Amandine Penna in MediaCities. In other words, it is easy to get asylum seekers to work, but it becomes difficult once their demand is met! Obtaining the status of a refugee does not have the main advantage of the right to stay in France (the majority of the displaced remain there anyway!) The right to live in assistance.
2343	9	Learn to become famous
2343	11	This disclosure, of course, indigns immigrant environments. But it is confirmed by a report by Valérie Oppelt (also cited by Amandine Penna), dedicated to the integration of migrants by work. Nantes’s macronist deputy writes this: “The migrants arriving in France are by definition in situations of precautions. But some associations explain to them how to get out of it using the system’s faults and ‘small tricks’. Some social workers, social assistants or volunteers teach them the assistance. Once their dossier is accepted, those who become refugees know perfectly the possibilities that are offered to them in terms of post abandonment, unemployment, social aid, etc. According to some immigrants, France learns them to be feeding. »
2343	13	Simple works that may be entrusted to poorly trained or poorly speaking French migrants are numerous, in the marriage. It’s not the jobs that lack, it’s the candidates. (The Ukrainians are working hard, of course, but they are not in enough numbers to save the situation.) If one wants to satisfy the employers, it is therefore tempting to provide them with clandestines who only ask to work rather than refugees who have the magical tampon that only ask to not work.
2343	15	This is the small game that I have played. This constitutes a patent violation of the conditions of the PIC, which is supposed to be worth 474,300 euros of state subsidies (not to mention the various subsidies received from local authorities). The prefect then cut the robinet, and the association drowned. Definitely? The Prefecture of Loire-Atlantique, which ostensibly honored AMI in 2020, should find a way to pay anyway...
2343	16	Foreign Minors Exhaust Their Benefits
2343	18	Meanwhile, the employees of the Saint-Benoît-Labre Association (they often prefer to say “ASBL!”) In Nantes they are struggling. They protested on Tuesday in front of the department’s hotel. The problem is repeated; they had already made a strike in September last year. Their work is too hard. What work? It is for them that the Loire-Atlantic department has subtracted its obligations towards unaccompanied minors (MNA). A permanent for twelve minors is not enough, they say. And it is true that their audience is especially moving: the MNAs are responsible for a large part of the flights and aggression on the public road in Nantes.
2343	20	The intervention of the Association Saint-Benoît-Labre is not sufficient: the staff of the departmental service of social aid for children on their side made a strike last week. Too much work! With always the same solution proposed: not to return the MNAs to their home, as it is normal to do with fuga ados, but to increase the material and human resources. Unavoidably, the Loire-Atlantic department will have to ask even more to its taxpayers to give more and more to foreign minors in irregular situation.
2345	3	France will no longer buy oil from Russia, it’s over! We will see what we will see.
2345	5	France will buy oil from India to sanction Russia.
2345	7	India will buy oil from Russia.
2345	9	India will sell this oil to France, applying in all commercial logic a profit marge at the passage!
2345	10	The Russian oil? It is terminated!The!The!
2345	12	French automobilists and manufacturers will contribute to enriching Russia and India by paying more and more the fuel that is absolutely essential to the functioning of our economy.
2345	14	If the leaders who govern us had stopped their studies at college, they’t even have to think about the nullity of such a solution. Unfortunately, they have done great studies and are barged with prestigious degrees allowing them to take us as fools.
2345	16	French, you will understand one day that we are regarded as low-storey fools, we France of the Netherlands, the “Dentless” and that it is time to take our destiny back into our hands.
2345	18	Let us begin with displacing and sending back to their homes all those political professionals who are elected, re-elected, re-elected again and again, discouraging demagogically without tangible results at the key.
2345	20	At the last legislative elections the little new ones have arrived and have quickly turned into obedient sheep, voting everything and anything. and DeHORS!The!The!
2345	22	Let us say that new people come to politics under the condition that they are concerned about protecting the sovereignty of France and the freedoms and security of the French and let us watch over them!
2345	24	How to? The solution is simple, not violent, inevitable by the “adversary.”
2345	26	to follow...
2345	28	A solution that can apply to the media that debit us an insipid soup dictated by the subsidizers ponctioning our taxes.
2345	30	How not to be exaggerated by the irresponsibility of these individuals considering that the small people are not worthy of much and have only one right: to be taught! We are French citizens and we must be proud of it. The founding texts of the Fifth Republic give us rights and duties. Any French man who fulfills his obligations by behaving as a citizen and taxpayer honest and respecting the laws and rules that govern this country has the right to express his thoughts and opinions about how it is considered by the individuals who hold the legislative and executive powers of our country.
2345	32	Let us fight intelligently but let us fight with all our forces against this aggression of our French citizenship.2346
2346	3	Josep Borrell, High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy said at a press point during the extraordinary meeting of the European Council last May: “We learned from the war in Ukraine that trade, the rule of law, is not enough and that it is not enough to be a good civil power.” “We must also be a military power,” he concluded in front of the cameras.
2346	5	His words, therefore, witness a change in the essence of European policy as we know it.
2346	7	Until recently, in the context of U.S. aggressive policy on all continents, the EU looked like a relatively peaceful association. The complicity of the European powers in the wars against Yugoslavia and Iraq is clear. The war they launched against Libya remained in the shadow of the U.S. military power. From now on, the political organization based in Brussels seems ready to wear the uniform of militarization by using it as a means for achieving political goals.
2346	9	The Union of Peace, the Union of War. This is, apparently, what, in this context, dictated the statements on the need for the EU to equip its own army, as well as the adjustment of European legal instruments to justify the supply of weapons to foreign armies. The function of this EU, giving authority to the authorities of Denmark, Croatia, Poland and Latvia to allow citizens of its respective countries to fight for Kiev, in fact, as mercenaries, while the official goal of this EU is to promote peace, leaves pantois.
2346	11	For example, when the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in Brussels in 2012, the then European Commission President José Manuel Barroso said that the EU defended the values of “freedom, democracy, rule of law and respect for human rights” and that these values were those that peoples “aspirate” around the world. But now, always saying the word “peace”, Europe talks about the need to have its own army and to increase military spending.
2346	13	The militarization of the EU will be the beginning of the end of the idea of an united Europe. The duplication of the military functions of each EU member state in the framework of the European Army – so far hypothetical – due to their participation in the NATO, will not be enough. A further increase in defence spending exceeding 2% of NATO’s GDP will not be sufficient either. A radical reconfiguration, not only, of intra-European defence mechanisms, but also of their legal component, as well as of European foreign policy concepts, will be needed.
2346	15	Boris Johnson's secret plan to separate Ukraine from Russia and the EU. This new military choreography threatens to cause a conflict of interest between the EU, the UK and the United States. In fact, the Anglo-Saxons have no interest in strengthening the geopolitical and military subjectivity of Europe.
2346	17	For example, London’s plan to create a certain European Community (European Commonwealth) within the EU, as against Brussels, revealed by the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera, testifies to this dissonance among the allies.
2346	19	The Community, according to the British plan, should include Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine and, potentially, Turkey. At the moment, only the Italian newspaper has revealed details on this issue and there has not been any official London statements about it. But the presence on the list of the candidates, of Ukraine – a country that has no economic potential and sees its military potential being artificially swallowed – betrayed its current geopolitical leadership. Here, we can easily assume that it is about increasing London’s influence in Eastern Europe by relying on these countries with the aim of interfering with the French-German couple. With the presence of the countries of Eastern Europe mentioned above, the Anglo-Saxon geopolitical axis formed by Washington and London clearly wants to equip itself with solid back bases to counter the continental geopolitical axis Berlin-Paris.
2346	21	The Anglo-Saxon people don’t like the idea of strengthening the EU’s military potential. For the EU sees even such distant regions as the Sahel and the Middle East as a theater of implementation of European military diplomacy, where London, precisely, sees Brussels as an unwanted competitor. The British press refers to the fundamental principles of the EU and emphasizes that for the first time in history, a military piece is included in its budget. But such a tone of the British is not dictated by the concern of seeing peace plung on geopolitics. We see the desire to bring, in advance, an informational shock and propaganda against Brussels.
2346	23	However, there is a truth in the Anglo-Saxon rhetoric. If European weapons supplies to African and Middle East countries begin, this will complicate the situation in the regions as political clanes will use the possible alternatives as a way of dialogue with competitors. It is, therefore, obvious that London and Washington are afraid to review the existing – American-centered and British-centered – model of economic relations with the countries of the third world. The strengthening of France, Italy, Germany could break the remains of the hegemony of the United States and the United Kingdom in these regions.
2346	25	The EU now invokes the famous “Russian threat” to justify the strengthening of its military power as the title “The Figaro”: “Europe wants to strengthen its defense by muscling its industry.” The desire to admit Sweden and Finland to NATO is now explained precisely by this. Moreover, the press adheres to this tone of presentation of events in both Germany and France and Italy, the first European powers of the block.
2346	27	At the same time, Russia is only one of the possible competitors for the future European army. China will be the other. This new military orientation within the EU is dictated by the intensification of Russian and Chinese policies in Africa and the Middle East, which Europe, by inertia, has used to consider as its post-colonial fief, and by the growing global confrontation throughout the world.
2346	29	From the Union of Peace, to the Union of War, to its liquidation. Thus, the possible militarization of the EU can lead to a struggle and a competition with several geopolitical centers at the same time: the United States, the United Kingdom, Russia, China, without forgetting a struggle within Europe itself. The question is whether Washington and London, through their influence on the policies of the countries of Eastern Europe, will be able to resist these plans or will they guide the process of EU militarization in a direction that will benefit them? Will the EU dare to take such a step in the context of growing economic threats?
2346	31	So far, the observers are facing more questions than answers. One thing, however, is clear. The militarization of the EU, even at the level of discussion, indicates a record change in the existence of an united Europe, while demonstrating the loss of the effectiveness of its consolidation mechanisms. Would we not finally see the liquidation of the European policy that was once swallowed? Are we not witnessing the definitive loss of its former geopolitical influence? In any case, the military vector will only delay this process, but will not prevent it.2347
2347	3	The Russian missile targeting a Mariupol hospital mistakenly collapsed on an Ukrainian military camp causing the deaths of at least fifteen soldiers.
2347	5	The Ukrainian army confirms many losses after a Russian bombing targeted civilians mistakenly hit a military base near Mariupol. Earlier last week, several Russian air strikes targeting civilian convoys trying to escape from the city of Kharkiv mistakenly destroyed a site with Ukrainian anti-air defences.
2347	7	A new bombing that goes against the Russian strategy according to Thomas Lacamp, an expert in Russian-Ukrainian conflicts since 1975. “For several weeks, the Russians have been on a very strict line: a dirty war, the aim of which is to terrorize Ukrainian civilians.” For him, everything indicates a targeting mistake from the Russian army, which assures to do everything possible to save the lives of Ukrainian soldiers.
2347	9	The announcement of this new massacre has caused a turmoil in the international community that announces reflecting on new sanctions against Vladimir Putin who, on his side, accuses Ukrainian civilians of using military as human shields.
2348	3	The Americans had clarified “the war is imminent,” they said, “it’s a bluff. These are crimes.” It would rather be believed that the imposing mobilization of the Russian army at the Ukrainian border and within Belarus was just a theatre. A tension of Vladimir Putin to obtain what he has demanded for years: guarantees on Russia’s security, a renewed negotiation of the balances in Europe. Request repeated in November, since no one had dared to tell the Ukrainians that they would never enter NATO, its black beast. He passed to the act. The road was free, Joe Biden said: “No American soldier in Ukraine. “
2348	4	Ukraine, a history accident for Putin
2348	6	Putin never digested the dislocation of the USSR in 1991. The West is, according to him, the responsible for this humiliation of Russia. Ukraine is an accident of history, an artificial creation. It is unbearable for him that the Ukrainians are happy to live in democracy. He neglect President Zelensky, democratically elected, kind of Coluche, very popular in Russia. He thought he would make it just a bit, quickly displacing him to replace him with a fancy power, bringing him to Moscow to make him a genocide trial.
2348	8	Things don’t happen as he wanted. He discovers a brave war leader Zelensky, which stimulates the national feeling of the Ukrainians. Their heroism and the one of their president raise the admiration of the opinions in Europe. The military superiority of Russia is obvious, its appetite is very threatening. Putin has the ability to make a lot of damage. How far will he go? “He’s lost his foot with reality,” Angela Merkel said. In front of his European hosts, in front of Emmanuel Macron for five hours, he tells his victimate, acrimous, obsessive rhetoric against the West as a confusion.
2348	10	Stalin was the greatest criminal of the 20th century. This past founded the history of the Soviet Union. Putin is the continuator. The society is violent, the repression is violent. When his opponents are not murdered (47 journalists killed for twenty years), they go into jail, like Alexei Navalny. Putin has done his classes in the KGB, it’s even a physical incarnation of it: glabry face, without riding, inexpressive, swollen nails (cortison or Botox, we’re wondering) that make him a mask behind which he’s hiding. And then there is that strange, empty look. He sets his interlocutors without seeing them, like a cat. The Glacial. An insignificant personality. Even when he is angry, he expresses himself in a mild, unrelief tone, including when he threatens the Western people with “consecuences you’ve never experienced.” Was it about the nuclear bomb? He didn’t say the word until Sunday, when he was seen ordered to two figured, shattered generals, “to put the dissuasion forces of the Russian army in a special warning regime to the battle.” Just before proposing the Ukrainian president to negotiate. If he has made the choice of war, it is because it is certain that democracies are crying countries. He hates the rule of law and freedom.
2348	11	an unexpected reaction
2348	13	but shameful. The Ukrainians resist, the Western leaders agreed on a massive economic sanctions that would greatly harm Russia. Putin believed Europe was divided, the Twenty-Seven are united. The Germans, who sent 5,000 helmets on the first day, changed bracket. Chancellor Olaf Scholz has broken a taboo by announcing the next delivery of 1,000 anti-charged missiles, 500 Stinger ground-air missiles and nine obusers to the Ukrainian army and orders a rearmament of Germany for €100 billion. It is a revolution! Another miracle, NATO takes back the beast’s hair.
2348	15	The responses of the prisoners raise the challenge for Russia, which hardens the tone, sends Czech commands to do the dirty work on the ground and pills the cities. We haven’t seen everything yet. We begin to despair, and yet we still want to believe that the worst is not certain, since the dialogue with Putin continues.
2349	1	For those who love to be scared with the Covid: to be scared even more...
2349	3	Playing with wolves, witches, vampires... Between three and eight years old, children love to be scared. Now we see that there are also a lot of adults.
2349	5	60 to 70 percent of them would be very satisfied with the sanitary passport soon vaccinated. There would therefore be 40 to 47 million French believing in government fools and the great global disinformation campaign Covid. Most people say they’re neglected to the media, 80 percent execute Macron... however, they’re totally confident in what’s about covidist and covidist information...
2349	7	Almost two years have passed, a lot of proven, sourced data have been made available to them. Some figures have escaped, including those of hospitalizations...Eminent specialists such as Laurent Toubiana, Christian Perronne, Jean-Michel Claverie... have warned them of the greatest lie of all time. They were told that taking advantage of the abbey effect, Macron and his mafia... were working uninterruptly to slave them.
2349	9	Docilely, they have obeyed all the orders, more delirating one than the other, to the deprivation of freedoms, so being subject to a QR code to drink a coffee or do sports is one. 
2349	11	It can only be concluded that about 40 to 47 million French adults want to play Covid and make themselves tremendous fears. What is very serious is that they drive their children into their derives, making them vaccinated, leaving them to be misleading in schools and colleges, by all kinds of covided brimades, with the obligatory mask...
2349	13	 To all these French people, we must remember that they are now left and that their foreign collar will not cease to stretch... that the next step, before the subcutaneous purge, is called Digital ID Wallet or European digital wallet, which will gather all information about them and that according to its good pleasure, the government will be able to decide to ban them such access or such action.
2349	15	To those who would want to be more afraid, one can only advise the very careful reading of this Senate report that details their lives under supervision with precision. It’s so much better than the worst of the horror films because it’s at least tangible, it’s for very soon and stamped French Republic!
235	3	The European Union would be about to decrease an embargo on Russian oil, but would wait for the end of the French presidential election, in order not to favor Marine Le Pen's candidacy. 
235	4	The war in Ukraine continues on the 51st day of the Russian offensive. According to the New York Times news, which Le Figaro echoed on Friday, 15 April, the European Union would be about to decrease an embargo on Russian oil. However, according to the U.S. Daily, negotiations on the terms of this embargo should start only after the second round of the French presidential election, which will be held on April 24. And this, to avoid favouring Marine Le Pen's candidacy. 
235	5	The aim of this approach would therefore be to ensure that the impact of such a measure on the rise of the energy price cannot favour the candidate of the National Assembly. And thus destroy the chances of President-Candidate Emmanuel Macron. This is at least what the New York Times reports, which is based on official and diplomatic sources.
235	7	The embargo on Russian oil is a measure against which a number of governments say they are rejective and could withdraw. The measure is “complex” and will take “a few months,” a source quoted by Le Figaro said. “The adoption of oil measures requires the discontinuation of existing contracts, the finding of alternatives and the avoidance of their overturning. This will not happen from day to day. It will take at least a few months,” a European official explained.
2350	1	CGT and antifas want to prevent Zemmour from speaking to Zenith
2350	3	If Zemmour is the black beast of the anti-tifas, Islamist-left, immigration associations, indigenists and other decolonials, it is only because they are all afraid that Z will align them in his collimator and above all that he will remove their juteous subsidies, once he is in power.
2350	5	For it is with our taxes that these enemies of democracy want to impose their laws!
2350	7	Demonstrating against Zemmour at each of his movements, it is their cake he defends and only their cake, covered by anti-racism.
2350	9	It will be noted that no one journalist, no one political leader, is opposed to these intolerable violations of democracy, in full electoral campaign.
2350	11	In the country of freedom, all that France counts as enemies of the Republic and of democracy, all this revolutionary and Islamic-left movement, all these hateful anti-phases of freedom of expression, intend to silence Eric Zemmour, on December 5th in the Zenith.
2350	13	For for these holders of political morality, only their Marxist ideology has the right of city. Nothing very new, of course, the history has proven their power of annoyance and their turmoil.
2350	15	These defenders of freedom of expression call themselves “progressive,” while Zemmour is of course the abominable fascist, the great priest of the extreme right that must be destroyed.
2350	17	With these energy gums, any debate of ideas is impossible. To love and defend their homeland is fascism.
2350	19	Their favorite fatal weapon is again and always intellectual terrorism.
2350	21	Every opponent must suffer their censorship, lies and violence. In these demonstrations, the debate does not exist. We never talk, we always demonstrate.
2350	23	They are the same who exalted the communist ideology that killed 100 million people.
2350	25	They are the same who have praised in the past Stalin, Mao, Castro, Pol-Pot, the greatest criminals in history.
2350	27	It was only in 1941, when Hitler invaded Russia, that the communists suddenly discovered a patriotic fiber anti-Nazia. Later after the 1940 defeat.
2350	29	During the Indochine War, they were for Ho Chi Minh.
2350	31	During the Algeria War, they were on the side of FLN, betraying our soldiers.
2350	33	They praised the decolonization and fought the Western imperialism, but at the same time they supported the USSR that colonized the countries of Eastern Europe, keeping them under its implacable jeep.
2350	35	The morality of the left is in the client’s mouth.
2350	37	Therefore, it is not to be surprised that, after so many betrayals throughout history, this Marxist movement that calls itself “progressive,” puts Eric Zemmour in the camp of fachos, racists, xenophobes and Islamophobes. 
2350	39	A great patriot, well determined to defend our identity and our cultural heritage, is a faço that must be silent. This is the idea of the French extreme left.
2350	41	As Jean Sévilla wrote, in his book The Intellectual Terrorism, it is a totalitarian mechanics that has been established for decades, to break the opponents to the ideas of extreme left.
2350	43	Injury, anathema, lies, amalgama, intention trial and witch hunt are part of the panoplie of intellectual terrorism. Not to mention the violent demonstrations.
2350	45	This is how the CGT and the anti-tifas call to form “a wide range of progressive organizations against the ideas of extreme right,” on December 5th.
2350	47	The discourse has not changed for 70 years.
2350	49	“On December 5, Paris will make Zemmour silent,” the CGT announces.
2350	51	For our defenders of Zemurian patriotism, December 5 in Zenith is just the candidate’s “Fascist Mass”.
2350	53	This is an event to which we must oppose “a gathering against the fascist word.”
2350	55	Because Zemmour “deballes his hate speech everywhere” as well as:
2350	57	His racist, islamophobic, misogenous, ultra-liberal word, his rehabilitation of the worst figures of our recent history spread, with the blind or assumed complicity of those and those who constantly stretch the micro or offer him tribunes. »
2350	59	“We have historical responsibility.”
2350	61	“Fascist groups feel like they are pushing wings and multiplying exactions.”
2350	63	Nothing very new therefore, in the eculated speech of this extreme French left, which has never suffered the patriotic word.
2350	65	On December 5, facing the patriot Zemmour, who wants to save the Nation from the identity shipwreck, it is the enemy movement of freedom that will try to make it silent, but in vain.
2350	67	It is the people who will decide their fate in 2022, and not the antifas and other destroyer of the nation.
2351	3	 He runs on the place. Sweated like a orangina, he swallowed and drowned. Lose your sleep.Wide paranoidly and wear parallel jackets up to the Eliseo salons.
2351	5	Jean-Britt is very worried when his lover holds incoherent statements during his unexpected mood jumpings. “Illelle” trembled when the boy told him he was going to throw up to the guard of these unvaccinated French slaughterhouses. And those who don’t want his poison anymore. The return of the stone could be terrible!
2351	7	Who else wants this ginseng?
2351	9	The horror if his sponsors of the New World Order rejoiced him the same swine round as in Hollandouille! It is more grinding than a coal merge.
2351	10	Macron: Exile or Prison?
2351	12	Because, well, a gay at the presidency, we are neither stuck nor puritan, we end up doing it. But a delayed ado, characteristic pantin whose indeterminable sex succube throws the foil, it would eventually make a jaser. Especially when “normal” substitutes go on the brush.
2351	14	Despite the undue remarks and brochures he was targeted by Trump, Putin, Bolsonaro, Erdogan and even some African roulette, the tyrant had managed to maintain the illusion that he was an international punch. He believed that this could compensate for the hatred and contempt that he inspired the French. Since he wanted to play the Führer in Eurocrature, humiliations and theft have multiplied.
2351	16	The heads of state or government have no time to receive it, the crowd shakes it with oaths and quolibets, the European parliamentarians swallow it with its four truths, and the journalists refuse to enter the subterfuge of the questions and answers agreed in advance and prefer to leave. The despot begins to regain the real world. Far from the thurifers of his court, the loofs of his merdias, and his “supporters” recruited among the intermittents of the show.
2351	18	No one can prevent him from being represented. Let him think well before. With for capital his only savings, without the unconditional support of media-mentioners and tracker surveys, he would not go further than the prison, having lost his immunity at the passage.
2351	20	The replacement has already been found. Atali, the Atila of modern times, predicted it: “The next time it will be a real woman. And as you can doubt he has chosen Marine or Sandrine...
2351	22	His salvation would be in escape.
2351	24	McKinsey had decided the calendar: Disappearance of the pangoline flu late 2021, a small cold replaces it early 2022, and in the spring, the driver claims that, thanks to his wise decisions and his indumptable energy, the evil is overwhelmed.
2351	26	With bonus the promise that we will return from the Nazi passes to the Greek calendar. Wrong, the angry sheep no longer broke out of this bitter herb!
2351	28	Macronescu knows that the surveys conducted by independent institutes, Switzerland and Belgium, put it in a range of 10 to 12%. Meanwhile, Eric, taloned by Marine, is around 16-18%.
2351	30	There remains, however, a chance to avoid prison, and the humiliation to go into the salad basket under the hills and scratches of the crowd.
2351	32	"He could even give himself the good role: Playing the prizes of the Knights by declaring that after reflection, he renounced to represent himself because Jean-Brizitte is too unhappy with the campaign of calomnies triggered against ""ilelle"". And I could not bear all these evils for five more years."
2351	34	They would only have to take the private jet that Soros put at their disposal, to unite some Latin American country that has no extradition agreement with France. How the most intelligent Nazis had prepared their flight before the final fall of Berlin.
2352	3	With Joe Biden, tensions between Russia and the United States are stronger than during the Cold War and aggravated with the conflict in Ukraine. Why is the democratic administration so balistic toward Russia? In my last book, have we come to the end of history? (VA Editions, 2021), I explained why, far beyond Reagan and even Nixon, Donald Trump was the most honored American president and described by Western Intelligence and mainstream media. His brutal, brutal, aggressive “populist” style was wisely elaborated. A real “dog in a game of quils” shaking all the political, diplomatic codes, which has much shocked the well-thinking elites. But the former White House tenant was the most “independent” and “anti-system” president in American history. His incessant struggle against the politically correct as well as his own and powerful establishment, against winds and storms or rather against hurricanes and tsunamis, and while keeping his electoral promises (very rare today...), have made all the popularity of this politician out-of-normal and non-professional with the “Peripheral America”. Thus, Trump was deliberately underestimated. It was neither a “fake” nor a “clown” as many wanted to describe it. Of course, he was an ignorant in international relations but he was far from being a fool! You can’t get to the head of the world’s first power by being a sinister fool! The former New York businessman, connected to the real, excelled in the art of negotiating and assessing force relationships. A good manager (in the American style of course), so he knew how to get around very well. He was also a pure realistic. A nationalist, of course, but a non-interventionist who no longer wanted the United States to spend crazy amounts to interfere with the world’s affairs and play the most frequently with the disciple as we have seen in recent decades.
2352	5	Prisoned with no oath of loyalty and not being at the service of anyone, it is also surely the total freedom and megalomania of the billionaire president that pushed him to do nothing like his predecessors and to make all the ancient rules strike in order to get back into history, whileining its popularity among a large portion of Americans victims of globalization and tired that their nation is the “gender of the world”. Whether we like it or not, the facts speak of themselves. The former president was thus the first U.S. leader, for a long time, to trigger any major conflict in the world. Also forgotten Korea, its military disengagement from the Middle East and especially the Abraham Agreements, this historic peace agreement signed between Israel and four Arab countries and which would never have arisen without Trump’s pressures. Some have received the Nobel Peace Prize for less than that. The great advantage of Trump was, therefore, to understand, for the West, the major geopolitical challenges of tomorrow. What makes all the difference with Biden and his administration... Biden more dangerous than Trump? And yet, relieved by the defeat of the sulfurious president, Western governments and media had almost orgasmically welcomed Biden’s victory... But, with the return to the commands of Democrats and “idealists” in Washington, the old “brzezinsky” anti-Russian strategy and the diplomatic tensions, unpublished even during the Cold War, experience a worrying regain between Russia and the United States, with the main theatre Ukraine. For some American ideologists, Putin’s Russia is the perfect Croque-mitaine, much less powerful and dangerous than China... For others, more influential, Russia is the best way to distract the attention of the American public opinion from domestic issues... Or better, from the pressure against China which, through its predatory finance, has taken the majority of the Western economies as hostage for several years and has already passed through many relays of influence and useful debtors within the Western political arcanes... Napoleon said: “The money has no patriotic attention; the financiers have no patrioticity and no more patriotic interests; thus, through their predatory finance, they have taken the majority of the Western economies as hostage and have already passed through many relays of influence and useful debtors within the Western political arcanes...
2354	3	This is the last time I express myself on Covidian news as a citizen in a text of opinion. First of all, because the Western political-media power has found another croque-mitan than the COVID to scare its population. Then, because although I grant the readers and hypersensitive readers of Quebec the right to complain and try to censor those who don’t think like them, I give up to others the pleasure of being lazyly intimidated under the nauseabond cover of virtue. I will therefore leave the controversy to the polemists, not without offering a last comment on the actuality that will be enlarged by a more general reflection.
2354	5	The situation in Ukraine
2354	7	I will begin with a brief comment on the Russian-Ukrainian war. The western woke and moralisator is lost again in the cancellation of culture by annuling everything that touches Russia closely or far and by amalgaming Russian consumer products, Russian hockey players, Russian symphonic orchestras to Vladimir Putin. We really need to be naive to believe that ceasing selling vodka to the SAQ and preventing Russian teenagers from playing the World Junior will change anything to the military strategy of the Putin clan. Apart from making pathetic ostentatory virtue and giving the impression to the conformists to be on the right side of history, it won’t make the schmilblick advance!
2354	9	I strongly encourage readers to go to see this conference by John Mearsheimer, a professor of political sciences at the University of Chicago and an American foreign policy specialist, who explains with a different story the holders and outcomes of the Russian-Ukrainian crisis, referring among others to the non-respect of the power balance by the United States and the Atlantic camp. In addition to the Mearsheimer conference, ARTE’s report “The Bear’s Return” is highly instructive regarding Russian motivations in foreign policy.
2354	11	In short, the will to include Ukraine, a neighboring country with Russia and sharing with it a long ethnic and cultural history, is an example of Western aggression against Russia that passes under the radar of our mass media. Of course, military actions are always horrible and are even more condemning when they touch civilian populations. The current offensive of Vladimir Putin is therefore unacceptable in terms of international law. But is it more than the offenses carried out by Ukraine since 2014 as part of the Donbass War? Is it more than the US invasion of Iraq in 2003? These events also caused the deaths of civilians without yet raising the arrow of Western well-thinking.
2354	13	Are the Russians the dangerous out-of-control aggressors who attack Ukraine for free as we are described from morning to evening in newsletters? Do they rather apply the principle of legitimate defense of their strategic geopolitical positions? The reality is not a Western American and it is much less simplistic than it has been described a week ago in our “official” press agencies.
2354	14	The irresponsibility of the media
2354	16	I believe that media incompetence is at its paroxysm. At a time when science doubts the confining strategy used by the majority of Western countries[3] and raises serious questions about the safety of vaccines that have always been sold to us as safe and effective[4], the attention of the media turns elsewhere and the COVID seems no longer existing. As André Bercoff says, it would be necessary to give Putin a Nobel Prize in Medicine for having caused COVID to disappear in less than a week, which the rescue pharmacists have failed to do in two years of hard efforts.
2354	18	I hope that the vigilant Quebecs will not fall into the panel and will be faithful to their currency remembering long the catastrophic health management of the Legault government. As for me, everything that surrounds COVID is far from being a closed subject. So it seems important to me not to put it under the carpet and to say another word about it.
2354	20	Let’s take for example the way the media dealt with what was called the “convoy of freedom.”  How could they also cover the truck drivers’ demonstration in Ottawa? The hundreds of millions of dollars in salary subsidies to the media and in “COVID advertisements” cannot solely explain such an attitude of the journalistic body.
2354	22	Several media (not all, it must be noted) have revealed the illuminations of Prime Minister Trudeau who claimed that the protesters were white supremacists, transphobes, homophobes, misogins, neo-Nazi extreme right-wing groups. Even the respected Chantal Hébert has entered the dance by relating the most seriously in the world, without the use checks, the statements of a person who said himself “a white supremacist” by irony and by joke to Justin Trudeau. That is all to say!
2354	24	How could they follow Trudeau in his divagations and make a festival and peaceful whole demonstration for a gathering threatening the security of the nation? If the journalists were doing less their job, the Kafkaian establishment and withdrawal of the Emergency Measures Act would never have occurred because the government would have initially raised too much criticism. Let us consolate, all this only reveals even more clearly the policy of exaggeration, fear governance and abuse of the notion of emergency that the political-media power has supported for now two years. Aplaventrism and mainstream media lies have become so rough that it’s hard to see how they’ll keep their credibility in the long run.
2354	26	Since the beginning of the health crisis, mass media has become the speakers, and even the amplifiers of the official speech of the authorities, always trying to discredit those and those who express themselves differently. The recent article by Nicholas de Rosa about an interview by Eloïse Boies with three Quebec scientists is a good example of this work of the sape carried out by the alleged holders of the truth. What to say about the departure of Francine Pelletier from the Le Devoir newspaper or the departure of Stéphan Bureau of Radio-Canada in 2021. Quebec journalism is far from being healthy and more and more people see it.
2354	28	Consequently, unless our governments pass laws aimed at closing alternative information sites and censuring social networks as a whole, many citizens, especially the younger ones, will inevitably migrate to information platforms that, let me say, do not take them as fools. Alternative information is not without fault. No media can claim total objectivity. Fake news and factual errors will continue to be observed, both in alternative and mainstream media.
2354	30	As information consumers, we are also influenced by our perceptions, by our prejudicated ideas. The way of confirmation flourishes in moments of social tensions like the one we are currently experiencing. But in my opinion, the way the Power and its cabiners will tolerate dissident and critical information in their place will be a central mark for the democratic future of the West. It is the diversity of information that allows the voting citizen to have a cold head in the face of the world’s events. It is to him to sort the true from the false, not to a well-thinking elite who claims to do it better in his place.2355
2355	3	Shoted by biotox and liftings, cortisone, misanthropic, irrational gay, autistic, cancerous, brutal, obsessive, very afraid of shaman, parkinsonic, completely crazy, suffering from the syndrome of the flingure approach... In decades, we have borrowed to Vladimir Putin, all the faults, all the physical and mental illnesses and more, since the NATO/Russia conflict... And in the surrounding grey, this is the one who comes to joy us.
2355	4	 Elon Musk believes he is not the richest man in the world. This was by the Insider website on March 26th. While the journalist asked him, “How do you feel as the richest person in the world?” his answer could be surprised, “I think Putin is significantly richer than me,” he said. By April 3, 2022, the wealth of the businessman is estimated to be 287.6 billion (260 billion euros), according to the magazine Forbes. »
2355	6	“The master of the Kremlin receives an annual salary of $140,000 (127,000 euros), the Fortune site on March 26. “But many think it’s just the immersed part of the iceberg... This is the case of Bill Browder, who witnessed to The Atlantic in 2017. He estimates that Vladimir Putin “accumulated $200 billion (181 billion euros) of poorly acquired profits.” Many assets are attributed to Vladimir Putin: a $1.4 billion palace on the Black Sea, a $4 million apartment in Monaco and a $100 million yacht, 19 houses, 700 cars, 58 aircraft and helicopters, and among them a $716 million plane. But Vladimir Putin denies all this: the properties are not in his name, but to various societies or to Russian oligarchs. »
2355	8	In this case, he is right to deny. Having the Kremlin car park and Russian state aircraft, possessing more than 700 cars and 58 aircraft would really be a psychiatric problem. Therefore, it is not a coincidence that this delirant “info” has just fallen. Since the beginning of the NATO-Russia conflict, Americans and Europeans have continuously tried to make Putin become a madman and Zelensky, dressed in military television, a hero.
2355	9	In the genre that doesn’t turn round at all and proves it at every intervention, we should talk about the very worrying Biden. This is a case of proven senility. If Putin’s mental health does not put Russia in danger, Joe’s health is destroying Europe!
2359	3	From Brussels to Washington, the noise of boots succeeds to martial statements. Transfer of heavy weapons, intensification of economic war through a new package of sanctions: the military solution and the choice of confrontation are imposed against a negotiated solution. It is time for war.
2359	5	A funny war, however, since, at the same time, Americans and Europeans explain that they don’t mostly want to appear as “coverers,” under the peace of triggering... a “third world war.” Another curiosity: announcing a willingness to put into place a European oil embargo and, at the same time, via Emmanuel Macron, asking Russia to have the kindness of willingness to lift its blockade of food exports.
2359	7	Europe wants war, but does not do it, while asking its opponent not to take too penalizing retorical measures. To do nothing, the Westans, since the beginning of the conflict, have multiplied the provocations by treating Vladimir Putin with all names and wondering about his mental health. The journalist Renaud Girard, in Le Figaro on May 2, was concerned about this “verbal surcharge” and the persistent refusal of the West to “take into account the feeling of the opponent”, which is one of the foundations of diplomacy.
2359	9	There is, therefore, a great fear that Europeans will be caught in the trap of an escalation that they are at risk of gradually losing control. Located in a process of rise to the extremes, each party now expresses more and more clearly its ability or its will to destroy the other.
2359	11	Captured by the vertiges of the hybrid, Joe Biden, last March 26 in Warsaw, declared that Vladimir Putin, which he just called “mathers”, could not remain in power. A month later, the Pentagon leader Llyod Austin stated that Ukraine could win the war if it had “good equipment and sufficient support.” He added: “We want to see Russia weakened to a degree that it cannot do the same kind of things as the invasion of Ukraine. »
2359	13	Commenting on these statements, Renaud Girard noted that, in this war, we had the impression that the White House and Congress were even more to the boots than President Zelensky.
2359	15	Therefore, it is not the peace that is sought by the Americans who are actually trying to reproduce in Ukraine, as we mentioned in March last, the “Afghan Flag” strategy. With the idea that a bloodshed, associated with economic sanctions, could, in the future, cause the fall of Putin as the defeat in Afghanistan had announced the end of the USSR.
2359	17	In this context, convinced that this war is a vital challenge for it and that the West wants its loss, Russia, in turn, has engaged in a verbal surcharge, as witnessed by the statements of Vladimir Putin on April 27, indicating that if someone puts “strategically unacceptable threats to Russia,” he should expect a “blowing” response.
2359	19	This rise to the extremes is also reinforced by the systematic refusal to take into account the Russian point of view and its claims, as Russia is not perceived as a strategic opponent but as a “absolute enemy.” This is the consequence of the break with a vision of war as an inter-state confrontation, between sovereign powers, and its transformation into a struggle of good against evil. The demonization of Vladimir Putin and Russia is increasingly distant from the perspective of a outcome from the crisis. There is no peace with the devil, it is destroyed.
2359	21	Finally, the last element that risks to lead to the worst, the “cat trap stuck at the bottom of a corridor.” To recall the conclusions of the Chinese strategist Sun Tzu, it is the situation much more than the quality of the fighters that leads to victory or defeat. By economically disturbing Russia and proclaiming the will of war in order to its definitive weakening, the Westerners clearly express their refusal to open an acceptable exit door to their opponent. Persuaded, then, that he no longer has anything to lose, he has no other solution, like the cat stuck at the bottom of a corridor, than to throw all his forces on the one who threateth him.
2359	23	Is this what the people really want?
236	3	Spain wants to see coronavirus as a normal flu, not as a pandemic, but as an endemic disease. France wants to promote the adoption of a Digital Pass in Europe.
236	5	How long will this health crisis last for the French population? This depends only on the government, and therefore on the president himself. Because we must be perfectly clear: the government is responsible for the health crisis, not the Sars-CoV-2 virus.
236	6	Since the beginning, this crisis has been more political than medical, which is confirmed by the health policy of other countries. Austria seems to be back on its mandatory vaccination plan, Israel leaves the fourth dose of vaccination, and Sweden controls the pandemic without having ever had neither a confinement nor a generalized health passport. Large Danish and German newspapers are asking for forgiveness to readers for being “absorbed almost hypnotically” by the authorities’ speeches. It is better late than never.
236	7	And now Spain. Now it is the turn of Spain. The Spanish government had responded in panic mode at the beginning of the pandemic, but its position and that of the Madrid community is now to let the virus spread. It is, therefore, a more country where authorities seem to return to reason and moderation. Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez said:
236	9	Spain wants to see coronavirus as a normal flu, not as a pandemic, but as an endemic disease. » 
236	11	It’s about “no longer counting each case and having no longer recourse to the test to any symptoms.” 
236	13	This position is even more justified as the European Medicines Agency now considers that regular vaccination against covid can in the future weaken the immune system.
236	15	According to Marco Cavaleri, responsible for the Agency’s strategy for biological threats to health and vaccines:
236	16	“The booster can be done once, or even two, but it’s not something we think should be repeated constantly [...] We have to think about how we can move from the current pandemic context to a more endemic context. »
236	18	Pedro Sanchez elaborates the new Spanish position with transparency; he gives the figures that we would never hear from all those who sow fear in France:
236	20	“A mortality of 13% at the beginning of the pandemic, against a mortality of 1% with the Omicron variant. »
236	22	The French government continues to persist. The French authorities are therefore increasingly isolated in their will to make vaccination de facto mandatory with a just adopted vaccine pass. The position of the French government in this health crisis should be made politically inaccurate by an Omicron variant that spreads everywhere, whether the population is vaccinated or not. With hundreds of thousands of new cases a day, in just a few weeks the majority of the French could have been contaminated.The French except expression usually has a positive connotation, but this becomes unacceptable when it is a sign of a government with a autoritarian tendency that insists to surcharge with a vaccine pass that doesn’t serve anything compared to the Omicron variant. This French government cams on a vaccine position that has not only been long criticized by the liberals for moral reasons, and that European governments are now gradually starting to give up for practical reasons. Macron, in his shocking address to the French in July 2021, announced:
236	24	There is only one solution: the vaccine. »
2361	1	The European Energy Solution? The poverty is pardi.
2361	3	The European Union has a solution to fight its Russian energy dependence: even more ecology, and more poverty.
2361	5	The war that Putin leads has had several powerful direct and indirect effects that are not all, far from necessary, good signs.
2361	7	If we can – with irony – present Putin now as the NATO’s best VRP for 2022, so are now displayed Finland and Sweden’s willingness to join the international organization, we can also worry about the enormous weaknesses not to say catastrophic that he has revealed for the rest of the European continent, at several levels.
2361	9	It is so clear that the EU member countries are not actually able to defend themselves on their ground. A harsh statement that does not date from yesterday and that the sufficiently marked lack of cooperation at European level is just worsening. Some are pleased (such as Commissioner Breton, first) to see such a great opportunity to launch common programs and thus to gather colossal funds (there are tens and soon hundreds of billions of euros) to develop shared weapons between European countries.
2361	11	It is to forget a little quickly that all this further strengthens the power of the European executive whose democratic separation with the European peoples, increasingly stronger, does not seem to bother anyone, neither in the media nor in the heads of the Member States.
2361	13	But most importantly, it is to forget that a state, even if it was supranational, is in no way the guarantee that citizens will be better treated, and even the opposite: everything indicates in history that the more a state becomes powerful and the more it escapes the popular control, the less it bothers to engage in the misleading or even weakening measures. And when protestant voices are heard, denouncing just these idiots, he does not bother to scrap his opponents.
2361	15	And precisely, it’s a matter of stupid decisions, we don’t miss to see a package of them on the occasion of the Russian-Ukrainian crisis.
2361	17	A previous post already mentioned European economic sanctions against Russia, sanctions well found since many European companies were paying for it. Since then, the purchase of Renault’s participation by a local Russian manufacturer for a symbolic ruble comes to illustrate concrete the disaster that is ongoing.
2361	19	It cannot even be comforted by noting that this ruble, even symbolic, acquires value at the expense of the euro since it is precisely after the European decisions that its price rises and has even exceeded that before the war. It must be said that Europe continues to buy Russian energy products which is currently very difficult to do.
2361	21	Governing means predicting, but it falls well: no one in the European institutions has been appointed (and even less elected) to govern. As a result, absolutely nothing was planned, neither before the war, neither now, neither later, to avoid being in the current situation.
2361	23	Worse, we did the opposite.
2361	25	For years, and thanks to the collectivist ecologists and other energy leftists infiltrated everywhere, lobbying on all sides and at all levels of all public authority institutions, a fine energy policy has been built that consists in consciously saboting what was going very well (nuclear), preventing an interesting alternative (schist gas) and promoting actively and on funds lost wind and solar, intermittent and thus adhesive... to the gas and oil that we were pressing to go to search for in Russia.
2361	27	Now that the foolishness of these measures appears in all its glory, the elites that lead us without government are trying to correct the shooting: we will have to get rid of the Russian dependency... by increasing our green energy production! In sum: let’s double the doses of what has put us in this panade, it’s going to happen very well.2362
2362	3	A new Navdanya International report calls for rejecting Bill Gates’ false solutions and, on the contrary, to support an ecological approach to food and agriculture that can bring a sustainable solution to climate change.
2362	5	In Bill Gates’ vision, technology seems to be intended to repair all the damage that has been caused to our planet – and climate change has recently been added to the list.
2362	7	But this same mentality has led us to the devastating stage in which we are currently, while the only thing that improves exponentially is the profits of the companies that benefit from it by selling the same technologies.
2362	9	It is necessary to get out of this technophile hystery to reapprove a holistic vision based on true farmers, healthy and nutritious foods and an agro-ecological model that has no impact on the climate but that, on the contrary, contributes to mitigating it.
2362	10	No fake burger can do that.
2362	12	Navdanya International’s latest report, “Bill Gates and his false solutions to climate change,” details the reasons that underpone Bill and Melinda Gatesde’s attempts to focus the debate on miraculous technologies and the real interests that hide behind his propaganda.
2362	14	While Gates’ numerous investments are all apparently justified by a noble humanitarian and environmental cause, the report shows that they actually allow him to impose his techno-solutionist strategy by exercising a direct influence on all types of protagonists of global development.
2362	16	But this profit and billionaire partnership game is even more clear in one of Gates’s most important personal investment funds: Breakthrough Energy Ventures.
2362	18	Breakthrough-financed companies are filled with former DuPont, Monsanto, PepsiCo and Microsoft executives, revealing how the same companies that have accelerated our health and ecological crisis today sell us equally risky solutions to the problems they created first.
2362	20	The report highlights one of these technical “solutions” through the example of synthetic food, which aims to replace animal products with highly processed ingredients, usually thanks to synthetic biology. Billionaires invest massively in this growing market: Mr. Gates alone spent $50 million in the leading company Impossible Foods and actively funding several others.
2362	22	Fake foods are presented as a solution to climate change and environmental deterioration, but in reality, their carbon footprint is seven times higher than that of less processed plant proteins.
2362	23	Cell-based meat also emits more greenhouse gases than some animal products and recent research suggests even that in the long run, its environmental impact may be greater than that of livestock.
2362	25	Far from ending climate change or world hunger, false food is always based on an industrial agricultural model, based on monoculture, toxic pesticides and GMOs, which destroys our ecosystems and threatens our health.
2362	27	The report also shows how the patenting of these artificial food cultivation techniques has become a profit instrument for and billionaires, moving the power of farmers to biotechnology enterprises, while completely ignoring the solutions proposed by the regenerative agriculture movement.
2362	29	These technological innovations, presented as the only solutions to the world’s problems, ensure the continued concentration of the failing industrial models, distracting the attention of the deep systemic changes that are necessary to solve the crises we are facing today. We do not need to go further in the path that already destroys our health and biodiversity.
2362	31	Instead, we have the opportunity to truly promote an ecological approach to food and agriculture, which can bring a sustainable solution to climate change and guarantee food sovereignty.
2362	33	Several local communities are already engaging in this ecological and democratic path, rehabilitating seeds, food and knowledge as common goods, while taking deeply into account the biodiversity network to protect the Earth and human health. The report calls on to support this transition and to reject the false alternatives proposed by philanthrocapitalists and private companies who are their partners.
2364	1	Open your eyes! The NATO, this anti-European structure...
2364	3	In the Western world’s fight against Russia, NATO is one of the pillars of this strange attack. Strange, because behind the speech goes-in-war of the leaders of the EU and some Eastern countries, whose complexes were perfectly worked by their new masters, a (very) certain hesitation is felt to pass words to acts. If Macron wishes “the victory of Ukraine,” he emphasizes that “there should not be humiliated Russia,” because then it will have to live well in the same world. Even in their current fanatism, the leaders of the European countries, they, cannot consider the death of the European Continent. They always stick to a “after”, which would be a relieved remake of “from”, so nothing irreparable should be done... or know. Unlike NATO and its U.S. shooter, which sees the European Continent only as a territory and peoples to beined in the Atlantic orbit, no matter the price to be paid for this already submitted Europe.
2364	5	This is the ambiguity of the situation: we must win the war... without doing it. First of all, by making it, on Ukrainian soil, by the Ukrainian army, by mercenaries, by neonazist groups. In short, by the others. But not, not directly. We provide weapons and advice, we provide speech, but we cannot engage directly. Then, creating an enemy, Russia, that you will not attack directly, because it serves to control space, so it must last.
2364	7	And it’s all NATO’s clothes that take the wind. NATO is a military organization, a dissuasion organization. But, in order for dissuasion to work, you must not only have a military capacity, which scares, but it must above all that the designated opponent has the certainty, that you will use your forces in the fight. However, as the rhetoric is intensified against Russia, as the figure of the “Russian” enemy is built, all this Atlantic agitation seems to be misunderstood in it as a stage, a show. And this show seems much more destined to Europe than to Russia. Let us go back to order.
2364	9	While the conflict is on Ukrainian ground and relations with Russia have fallen into the catacombs of international relations, the United States is launching its annual Baltic Sea exercises, the Operation Baltops 2022. There is obviously nothing more urgent at this time than raising pressure in the Baltic region. In all logic, and in response to this flood of military ships, Russia also reinforces its presence and the media can tweet: “War in Ukraine: a hundred ships of NATO and Russia face-to-face, the tension rises in the Baltic Sea.” The only link here between Ukraine and the Baltic Sea is NATO, and more concrete the United States, since it is an annual exercise of the U.S. naval forces in Europe.
2364	11	It is therefore because of NATO’s unilateral action, which under the cover of “Russian threat” it causes just by its action, that the international strategic balance is destabilized. Finland and Sweden’s integration race is on the same line. These countries have been working with NATO for a long time, but not being members of it, because of the neutrality imposed after World War II and it had to wait 2017 until very discreetly Finland decided to withdraw the gamied cross, which proudly decorated its aviation. Russia has never reacted. But with the announcement of the next entry of these countries into the NATO, the reaction was not expected – in addition to a reconcentration of Russian forces at the border with Finland, Russian leaders announced that the measures would then be adopted based on the concrete threat that these countries will then present to national security.
2364	13	The absurdity of the thing is that the threat comes from the one who claims to want to fight this threat, generates it and then points the reaction by presenting it as the cause and thus retrospectively justifies its action. But what is NATO’s need for this, as we see this persistent distance between the speech and the facts? Who is going to fight seriously and for what (or who)? When the show is transposed into the reality of the weakening of European national armies and national political powers for years, all this gesture seems quite ridiculous...
2364	15	If the preparation for entering a classic military conflict against Russia is quite unlikely to this day, all this cinema already produces effects... in Europe, which seems to be the real recipient of it. For years, the EU has taken the hands of the European countries, reducing their sovereignty to the skin of sadness. But since the acceleration of the Ukrainian conflict in recent months, these seem completely absent. Understand me well: they are present on the media scene, Macron sends weapons to Ukraine and walks to Romania, Boris Johnson will make a visit to Kiev, each goes there with his statement of support for Ukraine. They gesticulate, they speak, they travel... but they don’t decide, neither what they do nor what they say. They clearly fulfill the role that is attributed to them in this Atlantic game, a condition under which they can stay in the game. Otherwise, how can we explain this voluntary and collective blindness to the neonazism in Ukraine, that they all deny, well disciplined, even having no longer fear of discrediting themselves to the obvious? If not, how can we explain why these national leaders defend the interests, which are contrary to the national interests of the countries they lead?
2364	17	NATO is unable, as a military structure, to serve to scare Russia. On the other hand, it is indispensable to keep the European countries in political hands and it needs their fear to exist. Notorious lines in Le Monde, of unusual sincerity, “The request of Finland and Sweden to join the Organization of the North Atlantic Treaty gives a new boost to the military alliance, to the great dam of Russia.” There is no rational explanation on the ground: in what way this accession will strengthen international stability. But the emphasis is placed on the real goal of this expansion operation: to strengthen NATO. We are well in a vicious circle, in which NATO raises the speech of a responsibility of Russia for all the evils of the Earth and keeps in mind the development of conflict relations, which it then attributes to it.
2364	19	That our leaders cannot remember the words of Zeus in the Odyssey of Homer: “Listen to the mortals questioning the gods! They say, “It is from us that evils come to them, when they, indeed, by their own stupidity, aggravate the evils assigned by the fate.” If only the European leaders could take back the fate of the European countries in their hands, instead of leaving them to derive into the Atlantic landscapes, this conflict would end immediately.
2365	1	From compromise to submission, even the Red Cross puts it!
2365	3	The world is going to lose it, we need to be aware of it. The pythies of the GIEC calm us, broadcast by the great media: the end of the world is near. The proof: it is hot in summer, cold in winter, rain in spring, windy in autumn, the cows pete, the sheep erect, the cows crack, the grills stridulate, the grapes coat and the bobo can no longer.
2365	5	Fortunately, the state, the edils and the great institutions are there to protect us. What would we be without them, their advice so full of kind care and their miraculous plans? Nothing. The miserable looks that are unable to organize our existences in the face of these climate plagues.
2365	7	Of course, there are sometimes some obstinates who have difficulty regaining the dogma on climate warming and would like to be able to introduce some more nuances in it. Well, yes, they say, if we want to explain the illusions of time, we should also take into account the trees that we remove, the thousands of hectares that we bitume, the hairs that have disappeared for decades, the buildings that ruin space, the earth so poor that it returns to dust and no longer retains water... Too complicated. So we repeat it as a mantra: it’s the fault of global warming!
2365	9	And as we were calmed in May that “the ideal guilty of this bad stormy weather is obviously the climate change” (Le Point du 11/6), we are calmed in June that the heat wave is due, it is also “evidently”, to the global warming. Fortunately, I said, good souls take care of us. The French Red Cross, for example, who just posted a video on Twitter under the #BeatTheHeat, because in English, it’s always better, necessarily. The title: Adopt the right reflexes #canicule: 1 Water, 2 Shadow, 3 Repos.
2365	11	So far there was nothing to say, unless we had thought about it alone. But there is a lot to say about the illustrations... For the lady who drinks under her veil, even if she is white and wears a blue dress, is not the Holy Virgin. It’s a lady of “Muslim culture,” of those who wear the burkini if, by adventure, you let them go to the swimming pool or the beach.
2365	13	The Red Cross wants to do well, it “creolises” in the name of humanism and living together. Just like here, where I live, in the coffee culture that carries the name of the local saint since it is under the cathedral hall and was inaugurated in great pump by the bishop. There were fresh salads and omelets. The new manager, a black jovial that comes to us from the Caribbean, now offers kebabs. “To get to the diapason of the neighborhood,” he said laughing. There’s still no servant in hijab, but it’s not going to be late. In the name of living together.
2365	15	However, it is here that in the name of “to live together but without them,” Pope Francis I has banned the order of four priests and six dioceses. Too much on the sutan, those, even fans of the “dental” who do not like this pope so much, let’s know. They are “traders” who fill their churches when they get empty elsewhere and don’t hesitate to move as missionaries in a city where the wrapped women are multiplied. With the blessing of the Red Cross that would like it to hydrate while men rest.
2366	1	The big questions we should all ask ourselves about geopolitics
2366	3	To say that the actuality is “disordered” today would be the full of euphemism. Every day, newspapers’ titles present a new series of contradictory data that convince us of a lie that serves someone’s interests.
2366	5	Regardless of the efforts we make to track the evolution of the situation, removing the superfluous elements to find useful information in the middle of this vacarmy is a full-time job.
2366	7	Sometimes, however, it is better to go back a few steps, to go down on the basic principles and to remember who the actors are, what they want, and then to ask the big question to each of them... are they successful?
2366	9	But to be able to ask this question, we must honestly ask ourselves the following question:
2366	11	    What will they do to survive in the current circumstances? 
2366	13	This is the most uncomfortable question you can ask to someone. What would you do to survive? To protect your family? Your position? What do you think of yourself?
2366	15	Everyone has limits to his morality. All of them. Everyone has a shadow, a dark side, a place where he runs on his Hobbesian self and sees the world only in terms of “war of all against all.” Anyone who refuses to admit it is a person you should escape by screaming.
2366	17	Those who always claim moral superiority, who are always “the good!” They are those who have no limits to their behavior. As the great H.L. declared. Mencken 70 years ago:
2366	19	    The desire to save mankind is almost always a false like, the true desire is to lead. Power is what all messengers really seek, not the possibility of serving. This is true even for the wicked brothers who carry the gospel in foreign countries. » 
2366	21	In this context we have to ask this question: “What will they do? “”
2366	23	The answer, of course, is: “Everything they will need.”
2366	25	That’s why I never discard anything in my analysis. That’s why I’m always ready to jump five or six steps before the big movement, because it’s the limit of the study group’s behavior. Today it may be Davos, tomorrow the Fed, the next day Russia.
2366	27	They all have a favorite final state, a solution to their personal equation, with their own combination of input variables. I see this as a set of differential equations to be solved. We all want them to be reduced to a set of results that will allow someone to get closer to their favorite result.
2366	29	And the scary part for all of us should be to realize that not only there is no single combination where the result of each is maximized, but there is not even a condition of “win/lose”.
2366	31	There are only losers.
2366	33	Because the first rule of any organization is self-survival. Throw the mission statements, corporate speeches and HR virtue signals into the rubbish and throw the fire into it. At the end of the day, all that matters is survival. It is only when it is almost assured that an organization can begin to think beyond its reptilian brain.
2366	35	Like you and me. And at this stage, all major factions have been reduced to this, their horizon is just out of reach, and they strive to reach it because it is... there, everything is ready!
2366	37	But, in the image of Zenon’s paradox, they never reach it because it has never been possible to reach it first.
2366	39	What I fear more than anything, what I see in too many people who analyze the relationships between geopolitics, markets and ideology, is satisfaction. There’s a surprising amount of normality in the caste of analysts, too much “the calm heads will prevail” and not enough of “they all have a plan until they get a kick in the mouth.”
2366	41	So, when you think of Davos and its declared goals for the great re-initiation and rescue of the world from climate change, do you really think that there is a limit to their behavior?
2366	43	Do you really believe that they will not trigger a nuclear war, that they will not release a virulent peste, that they will not create a worse remedy than the disease, that they will not cause a fake flag shooting in a school or that they will not disclose an opinion of the Supreme Court?
2366	45	When we think of the Federal Reserve in the context of an unprecedented attack on its autonomy and the commercial banking interests whose protection is its reason to be, do you really think that today, at this stage, it would not cause an economic collapse to save itself from another group (think Davos) that would threaten all this of destruction?
2366	47	So, all those who point on the fact that the Fed will only operate one or two rates because that’s what the models say, because that’s what the Fed’s past behavior is supposed to tell them, what you’ll say to your customers when the Fed will proceed to a fourth rate of 50 base points. Or will it accelerate the rate of quantitative aggravation to $125 billion a month and allow the 10-year US bond to reach 6%? 8 per cent? 10 percent?
2366	49	Go up your shoulders and say, “Oh sorry, that’s my fault.”
2366	51	Faced with the perspective of a nuclear rearmed Ukraine, which allies with neoconservative ideologists from Congress and the U.S. State Department engaged in a unique vision of hegemony on the planet, would it not be possible that Russia pursues a vicious usure war using the artillery tactics of World War II to reduce its opponents in boiling, while sinistremely committed to eradicating them?
2366	53	What about the leaders of Congress in the Capitol, corrupt to the extreme and unmoral, who have personally enriched themselves and tissed an enormous network of stupidities so large and overwhelming that we can hardly follow the details, even on the surface?
2366	55	Would they not do everything to prevent their misfortune from appearing in the great day and can no longer be denied in a plausible way, knowing that denial is the only thing that matters to D.C.
2366	57	Today, the newly confirmed FOMC president, Jerome Powell, was called by President Biden to the White House to discuss the economy. Biden and the Democrats have a blue fear of this autumn. Biden obviously wants Powell to stop raising rates. Democrats want to lose 40 seats in the House in November.
2366	59	That’s all that the electoral fraud infrastructure pays with George Soros’ money.
2366	61	Powell has just started the cycle of aggravation and those people, without shame, after delaying his confirmation for a year, after abusing their power over the Fed, call Powell as a dog to the White House and say to him, “Don’t harm our chances this autumn. »
2366	63	If I were Powell, I would smile like the Cheshire cat before disappearing in the entrances of the Marriner-Eccles building, and I would consider an increase of 75 basic points just for fun.
2366	65	Or he could see his shadow, be scared and conclude an agreement. But at this stage, with whom? With whom is an agreement? The debt holders? of Davos? by Biden? With whom?
2366	67	Seriously, is this why our policy is reduced by these abstract vein controlled by Davos? Are there people there who think a little or a little?
2366	69	It has been a year I tell you that no one asks the right questions about what the Fed is ready to do, not only to save itself, but eventually in the much broader goal of breaking people who intentionally break the world for their benefit.
2366	71	Too many people are unable to exceed the figures of the budget or tax revenues. The bond markets? The actions? The Fed could not burn everything, right? Those who don’t want to ask this question seriously are those who continue to turn the look from the abyss because the abyss looks at them in return.
2366	73	They refuse to consider what happens when the playground is so shambled, when the Jenga tower is so fragile, that the only winning movement is to give a little blow to the table and to see everything collapse.
2366	75	The Fed has already looked at this gap in the past and has always gone away from it, but it was when we still had time. But Davos pushed us to the edge of the social collapse throughout the West, he also refused to consider that it is the abyss and due to this, the Fed could be faced with the heroic choice to jump and let us pick up the pieces.
2366	77	The question I have for you is simple: “What are you ready to be if this happens? “”
2366	79	We already know what the big players are doing.
2367	1	Reflections on the world’s chaos and the West’s will to destroy Russia
2367	3	1 Where does evil come from?
2367	5	I will dare a non-religious definition of evil: evil is the denial of others.
2367	7	Between Russia and the United States, the evil is clearly on the US side. From all times, from the beginning of the invasion of Europeans and the genocide of indigenous people, until today, the United States is the country that has most denied the rights of others to their self-determination. Always in the name of good. The good is reduced for them to the unlimited sharing of their values, i.e. their interests.
2367	9	With turbo-capitalism, evil is clearly on that side. They are looking for unlimited expansion of their profits at any price. If the price is the destruction of life on earth, they will prefer it rather than giving up their privileges, like the bankers who throw themselves through the window in the days of crash. They prefer to die rather than be ruined. Today, they prefer to destroy the planet rather than to be placed in a position where they will no longer be able to dominate it. And the first victim will be Russia, closely followed by China.
2367	11	Why do the U.S. want to destroy Russia?
2367	13	For several reasons.
2367	15	    Russia refuses to re-initiate. Thus, the replacement of material goods by services or immaterial goods. The ultimate goal is that people agree to have nothing and to be satisfied with their screens. China and Russia refuse this transformation.
2367	16	    Russia wants to deduce and initiate an autonomous payment system, which in the future, if it works, will put an end to the dollar hegemony that allows them to create fictional currency in exchange for the products they need, such as energy products, raw materials, food.
2367	17	    Russia is on the margins of the GAFAS services. They have their own services. VK, telegram, r, odyssee, rather than Facebook, Google, Twitter, Youtube. This reduces the field of influence of these entities, which constitute the foundation of turbo-capitalism and do not accept their loss of influence which also represents a considerable loss of potential profits. Especially because through censorship, surveillance, they are generating more and more uncertainty, including among the euro-American populations themselves. The Russian example could extend to other parts of the planet skeptical about the role of the “liberator” of the United States.
2367	19	The different countries regularly attacked by the United States end up understanding and gradually put themselves in a position to resist, by an agreement, which although not without remaining conflicts, resolves in an objective solidarity against the main threat against them, i.e. the euro-US block. For now, European leaders clearly put themselves in the US camp, denying the fatal consequences for their own population. The ongoing war is not the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, limited to the Russian-speaking regions including the Donbass, but a major conflict between a turbo-capitalist anti-civilization arrived at the paroxysm of its hybrid, represented by the euro-US block to which Japan and Australia and the rest of the world are adhered. The conflict lies between the Western people who are accustomed to pilgrimage all the others to acquire raw materials, to exploit the Asian countries to provide them with the necessary goods at a low price, and to offer in exchange military threats, financial demands and immaterial products of high added value, accompanied by a moralising speech on the good they represent for mankind.
2367	21	The challenge is the loss of the domination of the planet by the euro-US block and this challenge is vital for the United States. As for the European leaders, they are too used to respond to the unlimited desires of their suzerain so that they think one second about the needs of peace, democracy and prosperity of their own population, who will have to get used to having nothing and be pleased with it, in the happiness of being able to look at their screens with the empty stomach and the cut heating, if they are not vitrified by a conflict that will definitively put an end to the domination of man on earth.
2367	23	Why are socialists the most virulent against Russia?
2367	25	This increase can be seen almost repeatedly. At the same time, both in Germany (while Merkel was reticent), in France (Hidalgo vent stand against Putin), in Finland, where it is just the Social Democrats who want to integrate NATO, denying the history of their country, and in the USA (Biden more anti-Russia than Trump).
2367	27	Why to?
2367	29	This left is not an anticapitalist left, on the contrary, it is a turbo-capitalist left. It is highly related to high-tech developments, start-up, media, digital world and the Gafas pharma finance complex.
2367	31	They are very open to minorities, so that an ultra-rich has the right to be what he wants, regardless of his sexuality, origin, gender, religion. His being cannot be criticized for what he is.
2367	33	As for the poor, they are nothing. They are expelled from big cities, they lose their rights to travel, for so-called ecological reasons, they lose their rights to health care for economic reasons and they do not represent anything. Small farmers do not have the right of seed, to promote the right of Monsanto (Bayer) to accumulate profits through the patents made on the existing: this is the model. The poor must pay a tax to enrich the utra rich, and as they are nothing, they must disappear if they can’t. It is this turbo-capitalist left that creates laws of closure that generate the impossibility of survival.
2367	35	The poor, for this genesis, is no longer a victim of the capitalist system, it becomes a harmful one from which it is necessary to get rid:
2367	37	    It is polluted (1)
2367	38	    He voted populist.
2367	39	    He thinks badly
2367	40	    He is a complotist.
2367	41	    He is racist.
2367	42	    It causes epidemics.
2367	44	The poor becomes a harmful species of which it is necessary to get rid quickly; class struggle has changed style, and the victims are then the easy central classes surrounded by these dangerous classes.
2367	46	Especially today, unlike yesterday where capitalism needed the poor as a labor force, turbo-capitalism no longer needs it to create its immaterial services at zero or almost zero reproductive costs (e.g. vaccines and software). They must therefore disappear, which is the final goal of the great re-initialization and which Russia and China oppose.
2367	48	In the unconscious of these self-proclaimed elites, the Russians can be assimilated to the poor. Therefore, it is not by chance that Ukraine has served as a trigger, a country where many individuals have brought their support to Nazism, considering the Russians as “Undermenschen”, as sub-men, Nazism which remains in force in this country, but which can also find echo in Germany even through the rise of the anti-Russian war, as if a revenge was there to have been defeated by those same “Undermenschen”, those who belonged fully to the higher race.
2367	50	Would there be a conjunction between these socialists, which can be called Western, because they defend an idea of a west superior to others, or even superior to everything, and the socialist-nationalists of ancient times, who said themselves rather, reversing the order of priorities, national-socialists? Would we be there, in the face of a war caused by Western-socialism against the rest of the planet?
2368	3	Maria Zakharova, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman
2368	5	The attempts to “detour attention” raise questions regarding the Pentagon’s biological activity, the Russian Foreign Ministry said.
2368	7	The U.S. has hidden information about their “military biological activity” in the post-Soviet states, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Sunday.
2368	9	According to Zakharova, this raises “serious questions” regarding Washington’s compliance with the Convention on Organic and Toxic Weapons (BTWC).
2368	11	In an interview with TASS published Sunday, Ms. Zakharova said that “the U.S. prefer to keep silence on the ongoing work in the post-Soviet space and do not provide information as part of BTWC’s trust measures. »
2368	13	“The claims that the Pentagon’s activities and related structures are focused only on health issues are false. It is clear that health care does not require the involvement of the U.S. military,” Zakharova said.
2368	15	She added that Washington’s claims that it collects biomaterials and monitors the epidemiological situation “does only strengthen and intensify” Russia’s fears about the respect of the BTWC by the United States.
2368	17	The evidence recently published by Moscow concerning the alleged tentacular network of U.S.-funded biological laboratories across Ukraine only adds to the suspicion, Zakharova said.
2368	19	In a series of briefings starting in March, the Russian army presented evidence of the Pentagon’s involvement in the financing of laboratories in Ukraine. According to the Russian Investigation Committee, the U.S. has spent more than $224 million in biological research in Ukraine between 2005 and early 2022. Western pharmaceutical giants, non-profit organizations and even the U.S. Democratic Party have been involved in this project, Moscow says.
2368	21	The Pentagon has “significantly expanded its research potential, not only in the field of biological weapons creation, but also to obtain information on antibiotic resistance and the presence of antibodies against certain diseases in the populations of certain regions,” while working in Ukraine, said in May Lieutenant-General Igor Kirillov, head of the Russian force of protection against radiation, chemicals and biological substances.
2368	23	Mr. Zakharova also emphasized that the United States has not yet removed its reserves to the Geneva Protocol of 1925 on the prohibition of biological and chemical weapons. The United States is one of the countries that said the protocol would cease to be binding for enemy states that do not comply with the prohibitions of the protocol.
2368	25	In this regard, “the real objectives of the international military biological activity of the Pentagon can reasonably be questioned,” Zakharova said.
2368	27	Earlier this week, the Pentagon published a “information sheet on efforts to reduce threats related to ADM with Ukraine, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union.” In this document, the U.S. Army indicates that after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the U.S. and its partners conducted “cooperative efforts to reduce the hereditary threats of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons left in the successor states of the Soviet Union, including Russia. »
2368	29	According to the Pentagon, the U.S. has “worked in collaboration to improve biological safety, safety and disease monitoring in Ukraine, both for human and animal health,” by supporting “46 laboratory, health facilities and peaceful Ukrainian disease diagnostics sites over the past two decades.” These programs focused on “the improvement of public health and agricultural security measures at the heart of non-proliferation. »
2368	31	In the same document, the U.S. Army accused Russia and China of trying “to break down this work by spreading disinformation and by sowing disconfidence towards people and institutions that, worldwide, contribute to the reduction of the threat of ADM.”
2368	33	According to Zakharova, Moscow considers that this publication is part of Washington’s “information campaign” aiming to justify its military biological activities in the post-Soviet space and “to distract the attention of the international community from its true non-transparent and disadvantaged orientation. »
2369	1	India is the champion of the war in Ukraine
2369	3	The war launched by NATO in Ukraine has considerable geopolitical consequences, with winners and losers located thousands of kilometers from the Donbass.
2369	5	In the South China Morning Post, Alex Lo says that the biggest winner is India, which “has played a magical balance game with Russia, the United States and China, taking significant advantages and profits while offering little concessions.”
2369	7	First, by pursuing a policy of neutrality towards Ukraine, India has gained a huge economic advantage, paying advantageous prices for oil, fertilizers and various other raw materials. The evolution of its oil supply is impressive: Since the war, India has passed from almost zero Russian barrel imported per day to about 800,000.
2369	9	Thus, while other countries are causing economic damage through trade sanctions, India has a push through a cheaper fuel. Meanwhile, Russia’s oil revenues are even higher than before the war – a situation that recently caused a pathetic claim by the U.S. Special Envoy for Energy Affairs, Amos Hochstein.
2369	11	This week, Hochstein told a Senate subcommittee that he had urged Indian officials: “Don’t go too far, and don’t give the impression of enjoying the pain felt in the European and U.S. homes. “We can imagine the private laughter of the Indians after the meeting.
2369	13	Meanwhile, as China has engaged in a closer security coordination with Russia, the war in Ukraine could also contribute to calming the border tensions between India and China, which have periodically degenerated into unarmed blends that have lasted hours. “The Chinese don’t dare to raise border pressure to oppose the Indians at this time,” Lo writes.
2369	15	It provides an important historical context to illuminate India’s neutrality over Ukraine:
2369	17	    “Many Indians are much more critical toward the U.S. and NATO expansion, which they consider as the underlying cause of the war in Ukraine. They are historically well prepared towards Russia, remembering that the Soviets took the party of New Delhi throughout the 1950s, at a time when Western powers supported Islamabad. And Russia, even after the collapse of the Soviet Union, remained a reliable supplier of weapons. »
2369	19	Desiring to prevent India from sliding firmly into the orbit of Russian security, the U.S. government runs to New Delhi with new weapons contracts. Deputy Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria “Yats is the guy” Nuland visited India in March. Summary of his discussions, Nuland said:
2369	21	    “In addition to historical ties, India’s dependence on Russia in terms of defence supplies is crucial. In particular, we talked about the inheritance of the security support of the Soviet Union and Russia in a time when the United States was less generous with India. Today, of course, the times have changed and we are very willing to do more and more in the field of defense with India. »
2369	23	This shows that India has a formidable rival for the title of “the greatest winner” of the war in Ukraine: the U.S. military-industrial complex.
237	1	Putin vs. the West: Two opposite universes
237	3	Vladimir Putin thought to hunt Ukraine in a few days, but the war has lasted for more than three months. It will not end long ago. It is now the whole West that supports Ukraine. Independent Ukraine wanted to become free, establish a democracy. There is no question of the despot that runs in Moscow. The freedom of the peoples is for him the supreme danger, the enemy to be eliminated by all means.
237	5	The surprise is great for most Western citizens and even for many political scientists. They were considering the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, but they didn’t think it would take place. Why to? Because Western rationality prohibited it. There is nothing to win, they thought, to enter the war against Ukraine and everything to lose: the image of an aggressor and now of a war criminal, economic recession, diplomatic isolation.
237	7	But here is! The tyrants do not have the rationality of the Democrats. The power alone counts for them and it seems unbearable for them to be challenged by ordinary citizens seeking freedom. It would only be missing this! The leader commands and the others obey. This is the image that Putin gives when he addresses the ministers or the Russian generals. And as some of these meetings are broadcast by international media, it is obvious that the master of the Kremlin wants to broadcast a self-portrait of a tyrant making trembling his collaborators.
237	9	The former KGB officer, formed by the Communists, probably has no idea of the completely negative nature in the West of this representation of himself. Viewed from here, he appears as a dangerous, liar, violent individual, a real rejection. But for many Russians who have never known democracy, Putin behaves simply by leading, which explains the spread of so negative images. By passing from the tsar of all the Russians to the communist leaders, the Russian people have never known only autocracy and remain receptive in this regard. The conditioning to passive obedience to an individual regarded as a leader and a guide, tracing the path to the future, does not miraculously disappear. This requires a education to freedom; it is necessary that from childhood the education privileges individual autonomy and then a critical approach. In the family, the freedom of expression of everyone must be accepted.
237	11	The Western people know how much this freedom implies open mind and even empathy. To understand an opponent, you must be able to take into account not only his reasoning but also his sensitivity. The current rise of populism in the West makes it possible to appreciate the fragility of such a building. But it is from this fragile idealism that democracy takes its greatness.
2370	1	The Minsk Agreements, what Minsk Agreements?
2370	3	I have to tell you about the Minsk Agreements. Many justify the invasion of Ukraine by non-compliance with the Minsk agreements. They make a mistake and I explain why.
2370	5	There were two Minsk agreements. Minsk 1 and Minsk 2. I have published a comprehensive report to explain these two agreements. The first was violated by both Ukraine and Russia, and it would be unfair to accuse Ukraine, and not Russia, to justify the invasion of Russia.
2370	7	The failure of Minsk 1 led President Hollande and Angela Merkel to draft the second Agreement. An agreement written by incapable, corrupt and stupid. I explain why in my report.
2370	9	As for the second agreement, Minsk 2, Russia is not in that agreement! Intellectually, therefore, it is not possible to justify the invasion of Ukraine as Russia’s response to the fact that it has violated these agreements – since Russia has not signed them! It has participated, as well as France and Germany. Russia cannot say to the Ukrainians: “You have not respected this agreement that you have signed with x and y, so I declare war to you!” Russia is not guaranteed to comply with the agreements. She also clearly recalled it, when it was accused of continuing to weap the rebels after the Minsk 2 signature that had negotiated their disarmament: Russia said it was not a signatory of the Agreements, and therefore it could not be told that it was committed to disarming the separatists.
2370	11	Why to? Because they decided that Russia was entitled to invade Ukraine because they have a tenderness to Putin, and then they sought what to justify this invasion, because if they were not on the side of the morality, they would feel a sense of guilt.
2370	13	So it all goes:
2370	15	    Minsk (which is not applicable)
2370	16	    the “15,000 Ukrainian massacres in the Donbass” (which are not 15,000 but probably 2500 and the UN accused Russia as Ukraine of war crimes),
2370	17	    The Nazis of Azov (which are a myth that I have widely revealed – I have shown that there are more Nazis in Russia than anywhere else in the world – and that Nazis are fighting in the Russian army, like the Czech Islamists).
2370	19	If the invasion supporters mention the Minsk Agreements, you will notice that none of them mention the Budapest Agreements. Why to? Because they are disturbing. What do you think of the 1991 agreements? Let Ukraine, which has just declared its independence, and finds itself with nuclear installations on its ground inherited from the communist era, undertake to get rid of this nuclear power, in exchange for which Russia and the United States undertake to never invade Ukraine.
2370	21	Ukraine has lost its nuclear power. Russia violated the agreement and invaded Ukraine.
2370	23	Posted by Jean-Patrick Grumberg on June 12, 2022
2370	24	The Minsk Agreements, what Minsk Agreements?
2370	26	Preamble: I am neither a supporter of Ukraine nor a supporter of Russia, I tell you the facts that survive the test of propaganda. I know that the facts that some of you don’t want to read will bother you. I can’t give up publishing them for pleasure. The job of a journalist is not to be pleased. On the other hand, I have no reason to have animosity against those who support the invasion, and I do not have it. I think they’re wrong, they’re getting wrong information back because they like it, but it doesn’t bother me more than that. It’s not like for Israel or the United States, two countries that interest me, and for which, if I accept without difficulty that we don’t love them, I struggle without rest so that this is not done on the basis of lies and false information spread by the media that vomit them.
2370	27	I have to tell you about the Minsk Agreements. Many justify the invasion of Ukraine by non-compliance with the Minsk agreements. They make a mistake and I explain why.
2370	30	There were two Minsk agreements. Minsk 1 and Minsk 2. I have published a comprehensive report to explain these two agreements. The first was violated by both Ukraine and Russia, and it would be unfair to accuse Ukraine, and not Russia, to justify the invasion of Russia.
2370	32	The failure of Minsk 1 led President Hollande and Angela Merkel to draft the second Agreement. An agreement written by incapable, corrupt and stupid. I explain why in my report.
2370	34	As for the second agreement, Minsk 2, Russia is not in that agreement! Intellectually, therefore, it is not possible to justify the invasion of Ukraine as Russia’s response to the fact that it has violated these agreements – since Russia has not signed them! It has participated, as well as France and Germany. Russia cannot say to the Ukrainians: “You have not respected this agreement that you have signed with x and y, so I declare war to you!” Russia is not guaranteed to comply with the agreements. She also clearly recalled it, when it was accused of continuing to weap the rebels after the Minsk 2 signature that had negotiated their disarmament: Russia said it was not a signatory of the Agreements, and therefore it could not be told that it was committed to disarming the separatists.
2370	35	Sponsored content
2370	36	to discover as well
2370	37	Do you know the bottle trick on the wheel?
2370	38	How to relieve pain in the hands? Here is the Revue-Bien-Être.com solution for Handcare
2370	39	The shoes that are angry all over Europe. The seniors no longer leave them...www.Revue-Bien-Être.com
2370	40	by Taboola
2370	42	Yes, Minsk is a false argument held by the Putinists.
2370	44	Why to? Because they decided that Russia was entitled to invade Ukraine because they have a tenderness to Putin, and then they sought what to justify this invasion, because if they were not on the side of the morality, they would feel a sense of guilt.
2370	46	So it all goes:
2370	48	    Minsk (which is not applicable)
2370	49	    the “15,000 Ukrainian massacres in the Donbass” (which are not 15,000 but probably 2500 and the UN accused Russia as Ukraine of war crimes),
2370	50	    The Nazis of Azov (which are a myth that I have widely revealed – I have shown that there are more Nazis in Russia than anywhere else in the world – and that Nazis are fighting in the Russian army, like the Czech Islamists).
2370	52	If the invasion supporters mention the Minsk Agreements, you will notice that none of them mention the Budapest Agreements. Why to? Because they are disturbing. What do you think of the 1991 agreements? Let Ukraine, which has just declared its independence, and finds itself with nuclear installations on its ground inherited from the communist era, undertake to get rid of this nuclear power, in exchange for which Russia and the United States undertake to never invade Ukraine.
2370	54	Ukraine has lost its nuclear power. Russia violated the agreement and invaded Ukraine.
2370	56	Why do the Russians not talk about it? This is contrary to what they have decided to believe. Because they only read what they want to read, i.e. pro-Russian information, and the pro-Russian media does not talk about the Budapest Memorandum.
2371	1	Coronavirus: Bolsonaro threatens to leave WHO
2371	3	Like his American counterpart Donald Trump, the Brazilian president accuses the institution of “ideological party”.
2371	5	Confidence around the WHO is increasing. A week ago, Donald Trump announced that the United States had officially ended their relations with the World Health Organization, after temporarily suspending its funding. On Saturday, June 6th, Jair Bolsonaro threatens to leave the institution, according to franceinfo. Like his American counterpart Donald Trump, the Brazilian president accuses the WHO of “ideological party”. The two men have long criticized the agency’s mismanagement of the coronavirus epidemic, and its indulgence with China.
2371	6	Chlorine is back.
2371	8	“I tell you here, the United States has left the WHO, we’re thinking about it in the future,” Bolsonaro told the press. “Of the WHO works without an ideological party, or we leave it as well. We don’t need people from the outside to give their feeling about health here,” he also judged. A great advocate of hydroxychloroquine, like Donald Trump, the Brazilian president did not be surprised that a study in the medical magazine The Lancet, which concluded the inutility of treatment, was strongly questioned and then withdrawn. The WHO, which had requested the stop of all molecular clinical trials, had not resumed the research. “Trump took away their money and they’ve returned on everything,” Jair Bolsonaro said, congratulating himself that “chlorocine [be] returned.”
2371	10	Despite the fact that Brazil has become the third most affected country in the world by the coronavirus, with 35.026 deaths and more than 645,000 cases, the head of state continues to demand a rapid lifting of insulation measures, claiming that the economic cost of the epidemic is greater than health risks. The WHO regularly learns in Brazil on this topic, warning them against a lifting of the confining measures before the epidemic is a minimum endangered.
2372	1	After receiving nuclear weapons, Ukraine will disappear with Poland and Europe.
2372	3	Former Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski called for “to give” nuclear weapons to Ukraine. According to him, Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons in response to the security guarantees of the 1994 Budapest Memorandum that Russia would not have respected. “NATO therefore has the right to give Ukraine nuclear weapons so that it can defend its independence. »
2372	5	Sikorsky does not see that Article 1 of the aforementioned Memorandum stipulates the principles of the Final Act of the CSCE, which was destroyed by NATO’s aggression against Yugoslavia in 1999: “The Federation of Russia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America confirm Ukraine their commitment in accordance with the principles of the Final Act to respect Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty and borders.”
2372	7	The final act did not prevent the North Atlantic Military Alliance from attacking Yugoslavia. As a result, the Yalta-Potsdam system of international relations was destroyed. By attacking Yugoslavia, the collective West began to “reform” the needs of globalization throughout the Old World. Russia cannot ignore these changes.
2372	9	    The desires of Sikorsky, who has long suffered from rusophobia, are clear. Even during his work as a correspondent of Western publications, he participated in hostilities against the Soviet troops in Afghanistan, for which he received the surname of Moudjahidin. He actively supported Maidan 2013-2014 in Kiev. He studied in the UK, he is considered to be closely linked to the UIS. And now, according to all probability, behind his rebellious statement are the Anglo-Saxon.
2372	11	The consequences of the transfer of tactical nuclear weapons to the Zelensky regime are not the first month of shooting among Western politicians. From their point of view, the use of the atomic bomb by Ukraine could qualitatively improve the situation of the Ukrainian armed forces and lead to a turning point in the military conflict. Fears of repressions from Russia and the expansion of the nuclear war are also manifested.
2372	13	In order to study Moscow’s reaction to such a measure, “disclosed information” that the Pentagon had secretly sent two tactical charges to Kiev has already been allowed to the United States.
2372	15	The buzz around the “nuclear question” testifies to a attempt to create a virtual reality that could then be translated into reality. However, despite Zelensky’s agreement to put his country under the control of Poland, the people of western Ukraine do not express their enthusiasm about it. The Polish troops have not yet entered the region of Lviv at “peace-to-peace ends”, and we already remember what the Polish “zolnezhi” did to the local population several decades ago.
2372	17	During the period of Galizia and Volhyn’s belonging to Poland in 1920-1945.Here, the most brutal police terror spread. Here, the Ukrainian nationalist movement UN/ARU*, which has triggered a genocide against the Poles, has strengthened and risen. Warsaw’s response to the unovites was miserable.
2372	19	After the end of World War II, Poland produced ethnic cleansing received by the territories and deported Ukrainians from their region of origin by force. All this has remained in the people’s memory, and unlike Zelensky, the population of the ancient “kres” does not burn with the desire to go “under Poland”. After the appearance of new old owners, the situation will be even more tensioned. And if Warsaw intends to keep the regime at Ukrainian power, would it be clearer for her to determine if such a regime armed with an atomic bomb (Sikorsky says) would be beneficial for her? Judging by what was born from the Ukrainian political marriage, in Kiev, it is likely that the emergence of an even more aggressive regime, ready for any adventure. With such power, nuclear mini-charges will be useful. This regime will not dare to use them against Russia (the answer is obvious), and the return of Western lands with the help of a nuclear bomb may seem attractive.
2372	21	    Sikorsky would also be useful to remember the Russian President Vladimir Putin's statement that Russia will not allow the transfer of nuclear weapons to the Kiev regime. These statements mean a lot.
2372	23	What will be the consequences for Warsaw if it plays with Sikorsky’s painful idea? The response was given by the President of the Douma, Vyacheslav Volodin: “The statement of the former head of the Polish Foreign Ministry, and now the European deputy Radoslav Sikorsky, that the West has the right to “given” nuclear weapons to Ukraine, can cause a nuclear conflict in the center of Europe. He does not think of the future, neither of Ukraine nor of Poland. In the event of implementing its proposals, however, these countries will not be like Europe.”
2372	25	According to Volodine, the former Polish minister must “be examined by a psychiatrist, pass a mandate and stay at home under supervision.”
2373	1	Disaster and Panic
2373	3	For three days, France was hot. A few days before the summer, summer temperatures hit a country absolutely unprepared for a temperature rise: while, for thirty years, all politicians have warned us that the climate would warm, the state and its government have managed to show that they were once again taken to the depth.
2373	5	Thus, with a discreet but undeniable modification of the color scales of the weather maps, the catastrophe can be imposed without trouble. The cramoisi red plates are formal, and if you forget very quickly that “When it’s hot, it’s not the weather! When it’s cold, it’s not the climate. “There remains therefore an indisputable conclusion: the temperatures have risen too much, the climate refuses to remain well-regulated, and this heat will inevitably cause problems that the state and its sbires will rush to solve!
2373	7	Probably that’s why in Gironde, it was decided to cancel public manifestations outside: people who gather and spend a little time in the sun, here’s the guaranteed recipe for possible breakdowns that could turn to fun, to pleasure or to something that should be repressed anyway. Worse: Some could catch insolations, which would not miss to engraving already overwhelmed hospital services.
2373	9	That these services are due to lack of staff does not seem to worry any responsible. That this lack of staff is directly and indirectly caused by the growing disorganization of the French public hospital, as well as the vaccination obligations and the suspension of refractory nurses do not cause any reaction from the politicians.
2373	11	On the contrary, and in the right line of the closure of ski pistes during last winter on the grounds that the potential injured of winter sports could come to add to the mouths already too many, we see once again the use of a public health motif to suspend some of the fundamental and once inalienable freedoms of the French citizens: gather, demonstrate or participate in holidays is now entirely subject to the good political will that can prohibit it for any reason.
2373	13	In the same way and in a wave of worrying fragilism for the future, classrooms are closed: the children would be at risk, the establishments are not scheduled for these temperatures, the teachers also, and then it’s too hot to work anyway.
2373	15	Sitting and fasting for everyone. At least, without doing strictly anything, you are not at risk of hurt yourself! Remember that there are even more fragile than the schoolchildren or festivals in the sun, starting with the hospital emergency services managed by our elites.
2373	17	It is therefore surprisingly that the inevitable green number, reactivated by the government, is now a systematic response to all problems of all nature. The Grenelle de la Canicule or de la Séquesse is feverily awaited, the next step is equally inevitable if – unfortunately, necessarily anthropic – a new wave should blow France again in the coming weeks.
2373	19	In sum, as soon as the temperatures rise, the panic is settled in the country and new liberticidal state interventions are multipliing. In a very bright way, we’re already pressing that when the temperatures will fall next autumn, it’s going to be the same: the state, ultra-not-prepared at all to see that it can sometimes be cold in winter, will agitate all its factotums to explain to us how to heat us and why to get out is dangerous (we’re choping viruses and the soil can be sliding).
2373	21	Therefore, it is necessary to stay at home and... to postpone a mask to protect yourself from one or the other pulmonary pestilence of the moment. This is not an exaggeration: the German authorities are already on the break and are considering (in full scratch) that the obligation to wear a mask could return seasonally in order to prevent various respiratory infections.
2373	23	In fact, canicule, coronavirus, flu or gastroenteritis, all the pretextes are good, especially if they are health, so that government prohibitions and obligations are put in place to ensure that we take care of your health and your safety.
2373	25	It doesn’t matter here that these actions are in the medium and long term directly harmful to your health and your safety: you must absolutely gesticulate and reduce your freedoms to prevent you from taking the risk of living, which intrinsically means the risk, too seditive, of leaving the state.
2373	27	The sanitary excuse then becomes the gateway to all liberticid deliries: too hot, too cold, too winded, your rights to gather, to move, to manifest disappear. Too cold, too cold, too cold, too cold, too cold, too cold? You’ll have to wear masks, you’ll have to get picked with one or the other miraculous potion of an industry that seems to get free more and more quickly from all the precautions yet necessary to ensure that you don’t do more harm than good.
2373	29	The important thing is that you do not bring any risk to others, to the collective, this misdefined but so practical mass for herb tyrants.
2373	31	Therefore, individual responsibility has been abolished: you no longer have the right to take risks for yourself because thanks to the magic of health collectivization, you could cost expensive to others. Risk is prohibited and liability is abolished. Citizens are no longer merely troops of children, of isolated minors, but only financial solvency saves from a total lock (and for how long?and
2373	33	It is clear that the highway of servitude departs from the public hospital.
2373	35	And thanks to the harsh will of a small active, vocal minority, which desires these stupid and harmful policies, these freedom reductions never disappear when the events that motivated them end. The country thus remains stuck in a state of emergency (terrorist, sanitary), and only the movements of violent crowds, when politicians feel their own coen on the game, allow to consider the decline of the impatiable state collapse.
2373	37	But since no one of these movements exists anymore, this country is foolish.
2375	1	Covid Crisis Management: Governing by Fear
2375	3	It is soon Christmas. But this year, after several decades or even a few centuries of long tradition, the Western providence states have decided to change their costume. Instead of wrapping the long red and white mantle, wrapping the white beard and the generous point, the gift distributors paid with the money of others decided this year to turn into Father Fouettard.
2375	5	The holy coronavirus.
2375	7	and holy citizens. They are never able to follow the instructions they are given. It’s not very complicated anyway, right?
2375	9	The winter is approaching. The winter is here. The fifth wave is out. It will immers us all. Chaos will invade hospitals. The measures taken are no longer sufficient. They need to be strengthened. We must ensure that they are well respected.
2375	11	Repeat, threaten and scream.
2375	13	The Germans will be “vaccinated, healed or dead” at the end of the winter!
2375	15	The French are free at work: it’s enough!
2375	17	The incidence rate explodes in 6-10 years of age: it is serious, very serious!
2375	19	The fifth wave is fulgurant: it is worrying, very worrying! It will end badly!
2375	21	It’s not good to not follow the barrier gestures. It’s not good not to get vaccinated: it’s bad and you’ll be punished!
2375	24	Fear everywhere, reason everywhere
2375	26	Finished whatever it costs and other magical silver floods that arranged everyone. Now we stop laughing: we go to serious things! Defence counsel, masks, vaccines... a confinement is no longer to be removed...
2375	28	Two years to be governed by fear and infantilisation. Two years to be governed by doctors with dark agendas and self-declared epidemiologists. Two years to be governed by completely paniced people who run everywhere like headless chickens.
2375	30	A shot in the air and all the rabbits rush in their terrier.
2375	32	Oh, that it is regreted this blessed time when the calm, where the summ of adrenaline, was just before the passage to the television for the announcement of a measure without any impact but that was going to talk about it (and of itself) for days!
2375	34	But here, for two years, it’s Verdun, it’s the crossing of the bayonets, it’s the fort of Douaumont; our leaders are faced with a giant and historic danger; take note: if you go out on the street without taking caution, you are at risk of catching a cold!
2375	37	Life is dangerous
2375	39	Because for almost all the population, the respiratory infection that circulates freely for those who strictly refuse to confinate themselves and stay behind the barriers, is between a little cold and a good flu.
2375	41	Well, for some others, it can be serious, even extremely serious. But taking a driver on a crossroads or throwing his freezer on yourself, it’s also very, very serious.
2375	43	You will tell me, but the state also takes care of road safety and domestic accidents. There is only one thing to admit, and without any hesitation: it is true, the state takes care of everything!
2375	45	It takes care of everything and in fact statistics. Then he creates experts who select the causes. Then he makes a plan, goes to television and gets applauded. Finally, the taxpayer passes to the box and a whole group of graduated parasites manages their small public money pactols with one and only purpose: to make sure they never drop.
2375	47	When you want, you put the means.
2375	50	The truth is the truth.
2375	52	This entire public deficit building company was well rounded, well organized. In order to make the pill pass, from the maternity, citizens were also conditioned to worship the benefits of the native state. The state that has since beautifully attributed the control of education from the youngest age, history of well controlling the formatting.
2375	54	For three years, each citizen received the immense privilege of being able to benefit from a free and quality education, the first introduction to a social system that “the whole world wants us.”
2375	56	This would mostly prevent the future taxpayers from being contaminated by all these mental illnesses that question the divine all-power and the immeasurable generosity of the state: critical spirit, tolerance, doubt, curiosity, humility...
2375	58	Science is the truth. The government is relying on science to make these decisions. The government is always right. The end of the discussion.
2375	61	The sand grain in the shoes
2375	63	Over the past two years there has been a problem. It is the war. For two years, the state, politicians, high officials have invented a war against an invisible enemy. For the past two years, all this beautiful little world has literally fallen out of trouble. Contrary to what one can feel: they do not rule by fear, it is fear that rule them.
2375	65	A sacred virus, who never wants to do what is expected from him, who doesn’t want to confinate himself, who doesn’t want to vaccinate himself, who doesn’t want to stay behind the barriers... But why?
2375	67	Some have taken the dimension of this fear that governs those who are supposed to govern us. Some have well understood that we should stop being afraid of a government that was systematically weak with the strong and believed to hide it by proclaiming strong with the weak.
2375	69	A small week of general strike... and the mandatory vaccination by vaccines to ARN messenger for nurses has been burdened in Guadeloupe. Nurses and nurses who were on the streets in the metropolis, without even access to the RSA, are green of anger. A few days later, the general strike spread in Martinique, and now in Tahiti.
2375	72	The End of Chancellors and Chancellors
2375	74	Who is to blame for this flagrant lack of courage, accompanied by a decomplexed versatility and a congenital bad faith that seems to be found in all Western governments and which reaches heights in France?
2375	76	Per no one. The providence states, a legacy left by great soldiers and great diplomats who thus wanted to strengthen the power of their country, no longer have their place in a world without borders and without wars.
2375	78	That’s what people want, that’s why they don’t care about politics. Therefore, the medianity and lack of courage are increasingly manifest among those who choose by ego or by default to strike public functions.
2375	80	When you are visionary, when you aspire to great things, when you want to help your neighbor, when you believe in a fate for humanity, you start up and you become a billionaire, not an official.
2376	1	CNN: Johnson’s actions will turn Britain into a “paria” on the world scene
2376	3	The short-looking political decisions taken by British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, as well as his noisy disputes with the largest international institutions, are likely to soon turn the United Kingdom into a world-scene paria, the U.S. channel's correspondents concluded.
2376	5	Another major scandal breaks out around Johnson, caused by the British authorities’ strict intention to expel migrants to Rwanda: at the same time, according to the decision of the European Court of Human Rights, the flight of an aircraft to that country is prohibited. However, despite the protest of international institutions, the British Prime Minister clearly does not intend to withdraw – on the contrary, he will start drawing up a bill capable of allowing Britain to completely ignore both the order of the United Nations Human Rights Office and the decision of the same European Court.
2376	7	Scandalously, according to journalists, the British Prime Minister's pitreries in the form of intense disputes with the European Union and the battle with the European Court of Human Rights will soon lead to the full international isolation of the UK.
2376	9	It should be noted, recently, Boris Johnson with an envy regularity is at the epicenter of large scandals: his personal ranking, and at the same time, the ranking of the Conservative Party has quickly collapsed. Moreover, according to the Daily Mail, last month, the British Prime Minister took the last honorable place in the ranking of confidence in ministers who are part of the current government of the Kingdom. According to many British sociological surveys, such a brutal decline in Johnson’s support level will inevitably lead to the greatest defeat of the Conservatives in the next parliamentary vote.
2376	11	About, at the end of the local electoral process, the British Conservative Party has already managed to triumphally lose the control of three major councils, in particular, after having suffered a devastating defeat at the council of the Central District of Westminster: it, let’s remember, is a large part of the government institutions, including the ministries of defense and finance, so As indicated, the control of this council of the party has managed from the far 1964.
2376	13	Remember that Boris Johnson visited Kiev after the three European leaders, where he had talks with President Zelensky. The visit of the British Prime Minister was not officially announced.
2376	15	As Bloomberg has already noted earlier, Britain, which immediately and enthusiastically began to supply weapons to Ukraine, deliberately prevents diplomatic paths from solving the confrontation between “nezalezhnaya” [Ukraine independent] and Russia, which is largely dictated by the personal ambitions of the British political elites. The complex Ukrainian situation, according to the chronicles, is the only opportunity for Johnson, who quickly loses quotes, who has become a high-level participant in a series of scandals, to get out of big political difficulties, saving his own reputation.
2376	17	Moreover, the “degraded UK policy,” according to journalists, can cause a lot of damage to peace and diplomacy in general.
2378	1	Moldova will pay expensive to join sanctions against the Russian Federation – expert Shor
2378	3	Blindly following the anti-Russian agenda, it is Moldova, which risks to soon remain without the basic advantages — it awaits hunger, cold, poverty — the leader of the political opposition of Moldova, Ilan Shor, whose statement appeared in Telegram, shared its dark forecasts.
2378	4	Moldova will pay expensive to join sanctions against the Russian Federation - expert Shor
2378	6	The government’s short-looking policy, according to him, can be very expensive for the country. In the case of sanctions war, the authorities will not be able to provide their own population with the first-need needs, as the upcoming cold will bring an aggravation of the socio-economic problems associated with the energy and food crisis.
2378	8	The party leader Shor says that obtaining the status of candidate for Moldova’s EU membership was nothing but a contractual measure for joining the society of collective Western countries to impose economic restrictions on Russia. According to the politician, such an agreement is destructive and practically aims to destroy the population of Moldova.
2378	10	    “Resting in the status of candidate for membership in the European Union promises long years of waiting. Furthermore, the support for anti-Russian sanctions will immediately hit Moldova itself. Any action must be logical and justified, with a view to obtaining benefits. Moreover, this situation will mark the rejection of the status of neutrality inserted in the Constitution,” the opposition leader warns.
2378	12	According to Shor, on any form of interaction with a reliable partner — Russia — it will be possible to put a cross, and to rely on the help of a strong state will no longer have.
2378	14	The consequences will be negative for the ordinary citizens of Moldova. Shor warned that he was organizing peaceful demonstrations to defend the right of the people to a stable life.
2378	16	    “With the support of the anti-Russian sanctions, we’re going to harvest a hole, and then — transfer all the blame to Russia. “It is impossible to dance under the breath of the West, because the basis of politics must be the needs of the population, which we, politicians, are called to support and to protect,” he commented on the situation.
2378	18	A similar opinion has already been expressed by former President of Moldova, Igor Dodon, who said the state was insistently trying to engage in the geopolitical strategies of the collective West.
238	3	While his program is dead, inflation is out of control, and most Americans refuse to believe the White House speech that everything is Putin’s fault, President Joe Biden now takes it to the so-called “Make America Great Again” program.
238	5	In his remarks on Wednesday before the Fed’s decision on interest rates, Biden suggested that the Republican Party’s proposals are largely in line with Donald Trump’s “Make America Great Again” philosophy, which promotes a drop in taxes, “America First” trade policies and border security.
238	7	During his speech, Biden sought to distant his own economic program from Mr. Trump’s, saying: “This is a MAGA program. Meanwhile, millionaires, billionaires and take good account of it,” referring to a proposal by Senator Rick Scott, who chairs the Republican party’s campaign organization in the Senate.
238	9	“Imagine that. Just imagine that. I think it’s really scandalous,” continued Biden, adding, “It’s extreme, as most MAGA things are. »
238	11	“As for the future, I have a plan to further reduce the deficit, which will help to reduce inflationist pressures and reduce costs for all,” Biden said, citing elements of his party’s “Build Back Better” plan, which is deadly and was rejected by Democratic Senators Joe Manchin (WV) and Kyrsten Sinema (AZ).
238	13	As inflation is in every mind before the Fed meeting, Biden has adhered to his promise of reducing the deficit, which Mr. Manchin and other moderate Democrats support, while accusing the invasion of Ukraine by Russian President Vladimir Putin of being responsible for the flaming of food bills and the pain in the pump.
238	15	According to Biden, it could reduce the deficit by more than $1.5 billion this year. At the same time, he asks Congress for $33 billion of additional aid to Ukraine, in addition to $22.5 billion that he had already requested.
238	17	It makes a lot of prosecutors dismissed for help!2380
2380	3	“If the left barred like the right, Marine Le Pen would be president. “This is the phrase that summarizes the political sequence of this year 2022. What has not been heard by the macronists between the two rounds of the presidential election to do the morality to whom they want to hear it? At the time, the left shared with them the “common values”, the values of the Republic and democracy, the noble values that they had to defend against the danger that Marine Le Pen represented. The leftist voter did not be wrong. While even the barrier is becoming smaller, of elections to elections, he has not yet surrendered and Emmanuel Macron has been re-elected.
2380	5	Two months later, welcome to the new world. After suddenly conducting a legislative campaign against the left – going to treat members of the PS as “extreme-left anarchists,” pushing even a little further the dediabolization of the RN – Macronia is afraid. Fear of the NUPES that weighs more than 30% of the votes. He was afraid of having a real opposition over a whole five-year period. So, in the absence of better, the macronists turn to the alternative: the extreme right. Look at yourself...
2380	7	Barbara Pompili, LREM deputy and former ecological transition minister, also talks about the possibility of “debating” with the extreme right.
2380	9	The extreme right is so normalized in the French political life that the Macronie, the right as a whole, does not intend to do anything to fight it. In fact, having for opposite the RN is less complicated than having the NUPES. As Antoine Rondel tweeted: “If it should be remembered that the RN has never represented the least threat to the preservation of the interests of capital, we are served.”
2381	1	No, veganism won’t save the world, but it could benefit your health 
2381	3	In advance and in order to dissipate any potential misunderstandings, a few reminders. Whether we are radical ecologists, naturalists, decreasing, luddites, etc., we are all and all opposed to industrial livestock and its abominable treatment of animals, but also, more generally, to industrial capitalism.
2381	5	In an ecocentric perspective, i.e. in a perspective that considers that the primary is the health of the ecosphere, the prosperity of the planetary biotic community and the communities that make up it (and of which the human being is part) — which considers, with Aldo Leopold, that “a thing is good when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community, and bad if not” — this goes from source.
2381	7	But there is already a difference between veganism and the ecocentric perspective that we defend, for example, at Deep Green Resistance.
2381	9	Veganism aims to “to fight specism in all its forms by opposing discrimination and violence against animals (slavery and commercialization by the human institution). This refusal is expressed daily, as much as possible, by a choice of food and a vegan way of life. “Vegan France”
2381	11	Another definition of veganism, formulated by the Vegan Society in 1979, describes it as: “A philosophy and way of life that seeks to exclude — as far as possible — any form of exploitation and cruelty towards animals, whether it is to feed, dress, or for any other purpose, and by extension, to promote the development and use of alternatives without animal exploitation, for the benefit of humans, animals and the environment [...]. »
2381	13	What is noted is that veganism is in no way opposed to capitalism or industrialism, to the human exploitation on which they rely structurally. It does not rely on a constatation of the intrinsic social disturbance and insoutenability of capitalism, industrialization and civilization more generally—the industrial exploitation and livestock of the human animal does not seem to be too worried about it. The (modern) history of veganism, and in particular of the British Vegan Society, is not that of an opposition to the constitutive domination or oppression of capitalism and, more generally, of civilization. Today, some vegans do not hesitate to say that “liberalism and capitalism” are “the allies of the animal cause.”
2381	15	And then I. Veganism in itself has nothing ecological.
2381	17	Most often, veganism is defined as a simple way of consumption in industrial capitalism. According to L214: “A vegan person is a person like others. She simply chose to change her way of consuming and acting, so that she had a lowest negative impact on others. She visits circles without animals, observes animals in nature without hunting them, regals in 100% vegetable mode, chooses to wear materials not from animal exploitation (cotton, synthetic materials...) and uses untested cosmetics and maintenance products. »
2381	19	But consuming food and other goods from the industrial capitalism — but vegan stamped — has nothing ecological. A little bad thing? Sometimes, unlikely, with regard to the consumption of even more harmful goods. But not necessarily. It all depends on the comparison points we use.
2381	21	Anyway, in the framework of an entirely sustainable, ecological and growth-based social system (industrial capitalism), the consumer efforts that, regarded isolately, may be less evil, are ultimately insignificant. A vegetarian industrial civilization could very well end up polluting and destroying the world.
2381	23	According to estimates by Fortune Business Insights, “the size of the global vegetarian food market was estimated at USD 23.31 billion in 2020. The market is expected to rise from USD 26.16 billion in 2021 to USD 61.35 billion by 2028, showing a TCAC of 12.95% during the forecast period. »
2381	25	An industrial sector among others in the globalized capitalism.
2382	1	The presidents change, the American Empire remains
2382	3	Addressing several hundred thousand Germans, Democratic candidate Barack Obama presented the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) as “the largest alliance ever formed to defend our common security.” Republican John McCain wants the latter to engage more in the conflict that has broken out in Georgia. Despite their differences, the same conception of the place of the United States in the world unites the two major parties.
2382	5	The shooting with red balls on President George W. Bush, a “boot cane” now, is definitely fashionable. The new sport in vogue is to speculate on how Mr. John McCain or Mr. Barack Obama will re-design U.S. foreign policy. However, this exercise is not more productive.
2382	7	Caligula, the third Emperor of Rome, was a cruel despot. However, it is told that he caressed an idea—significant of the little respect that his public character inspired him: to appoint his favourite horse, Incitatus, first to the Senate and then to a consul. Caligula understood that the mechanics of the Roman Empire worked by itself and, once launched, that it could get rid of its cohorte of Caesar.
2382	9	Today, while the U.S. is in impasse in Iraq and there are delayed bombs in the “Greater Middle East” and in the Caucasus, the problem lies less in Mr. Bush’s disastrous mediocrity, or in the imperial burning of the next U.S. president, than in the own will of an empire born of the war against Spain (1898) and ordering an American pax the day after the Second World War.
2382	11	The United States has survived the Vietnamese adventure; they can get out practically free of charge from the Iraqi fiasco. Momentally disconcerted, the empire will continue its path, between bipartism, pressure from the business and evangelical blessings. This ability to offer expensive gaffes — not for the elites but for the popular classes — also characterizes the imperial states that have reached maturity. The American Empire will eventually collapse, but the predictions of precipitation decline are exaggerated. Without a military rival to their extent, the United States will remain, for some time, the only world superpower.
2382	13	However, in the fight against erosion, the vanityous and too expansionist empires disappear their power and prestige. Their nervousness increases. and their cruelty. You see them throwing up to remind the world that they are not paper tigers. Given their position in Iraq and the consequences of this crisis in the region, will the United States opt for an escalation in Iran, Syria, Lebanon, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Sudan, Somalia, Georgia, Venezuela? The views of MM. McCain and Obama differ in terms of intervention, in terms of tactics to implement. But neither one nor the other doubt the urgency or legitimacy of such action. The first is the front line of the “war against terrorism” in Iraq, the second in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
2382	15	The United States has the most powerful army in the world. It is far beyond all of the ancient empires. All-present on the sea, in the air, in space and cyber space, Washington knows how to project its strength at a record speed on considerable distances. So, like a self-proclaimed sheriff, he rushes from one end to the other of the planet to control or exploit crises, real or putative. “No corner of the world is far away enough, no mountains are high enough, no cave or bunker is deep enough to put our enemies out of our reach,” said Donald Rumsfeld, then defense minister. America spends more than 20 percent of its annual budget to its army, as much as the military spending of the rest of the world. It does not matter if it is harmful to society. Are weapons industry not making profitable sales abroad? In the “Great Middle East,” the Gulf states — the leading Saudi Arabia — buy them for billions of dollars of sophisticated defence equipment (2).
2382	17	Instead of establishing traditional territorial colonies, the United States ensures their hegemony by installing military, naval and air bases. It exists in more than a hundred countries, the latest in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Poland, Romania, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Ethiopia and Kenya. Sixteen intelligence agencies, whose offices are spread from all over the world, are the hearing and sight of this empire without borders.
2382	19	Washington has twelve aircraft carriers, of which only three are non-nuclear. These buildings carry up to eighty aircraft or helicopters as well as strong contingents of soldiers, sailors and pilots. Around these titanium buildings are gravitated cruisers, destroyer, submarines often self-guided and equipped with missiles. The U.S. Navy is monitoring on scattered bases on the surface of the globe and patroling the main maritime routes. It is the spine, the blood flow of an empire of a new genre. The ships move the aircraft, which are the main suppliers of soldiers, equipment and supplies. In Washington and the Pentagon, the U.S. Navy has recently taken the ascendant on land and air forces (3).
2382	20	Democracy, rights and capitalism 
2383	1	Climate: France is poorly armed to deal with future crises
2383	3	Infrastructure, buildings or coasts are not ready to face the multiplication of canicles or the rise of sea level, I4CE warns. The think tank estimates that there will be a minimum of €2.3 billion extra per year dedicated to climate change adaptation from the next Bill on Finance.
2383	5	Climate change is here and its consequences are already perceived. France has just drowned under a wave of extreme heat, unpublished by its precoce and intensity. The Valley of the Roya is difficult to recover from the dramatic floods of October 2020. With the warming, scientists warned: these episodes will be more frequent and more intense. Two-thirds of the French are already strongly or very strongly exposed to climate risks.
2383	7	However, the country is not well armed to “manage the inevitable” and “to considerably reduce its social and economic costs, which are announced significant for the coming decades,” the Institute of Economics for Climate I4CE warns in a study published on Friday.
2383	9	Many actions have been launched by the state, such as the National Climate Change Adaptation Plan, the Forest Fire Prevention Policy or the Canicule Plan, as well as by communities and, but they are “not always at the height of the challenges and many dead angles remain,” I4CE notes.
2383	11	The Environmental Authority says nothing else in its annual report published in May: at the local level, the adaptation remains very little taken into account, while “it is at this scale that it should be the subject of more concrete translations,” points out this college of independent experts adossed to the Ministry of the Ecological Transition.
2383	13	“In general, in recent years, there is a tendency to react, not to anticipate” and to prevent risks, explains one of the report’s authors, Vivian Depoues. Two years ago, France was faced with a late ice episode, and 1 billion euros were unlocked in emergency for farmers, he reminds as an example.
2383	15	But the cost of this “reactive” response is high. Natural disasters associated with warming are increasingly expensive. And this is just the beginning: if greenhouse gas emissions do not drop drastically, insurance companies estimated that the number of crashes that will need to be refunded will rise by 35% by 2050.
2383	16	2.3 billion more per year
2383	18	For the think tank, several major “buildings” must be opened: it is necessary to adapt the buildings to longer heat waves, to strengthen the robustness of transport and energy infrastructure, to transform agricultural systems to face more frequent droughts, to diversify the mountainous economies that will see down the snow, or to “recompose” the coasts exposed to the rise of sea level. In France, half of the ski stations may have disappeared by 2050 – and the decline of the coastal trail has already led to the disappearance of about 30 km2 of land in fifty years.
2383	20	What is the overall cost of adaptation? It is impossible to say as long as there have not been discussions, in particular to determine “the level of risk that we are collectively ready to accept when a new arrangement is decided,” I4CE acknowledges. But a number of “necessary” and “mature” national policy measures could be deployed right now. His experts identified 18 of them to “take back the delays.” And they estimate that additional €2.3 billion per year can be mobilized from the next Bill on Finance.
2383	22	In addition to additional human resources, they propose to increase the budget of water agencies to protect the resource (300 million euros per year), to boost the flood prevention cover (125 million), to sustain that intended to help cities fight heat islands (500 million), to support the extra cost to take into account the climate in construction and renovation of buildings (500 million) or to provide a first cover to address the vulnerability of transport networks (325 million).
2383	24	These 2.3 billion “make the first stones,” but much more financial resources will have to be devoted to deep transformation measures, for example to move houses and shops on sea threatened by the submersions. “If we don’t put the necessary budgets on prevention, the costs of damage repair will be much higher in the future. All the challenge is, therefore, to succeed in adapting to the maximum,” I4CE Territory Program Director Morgan Nicol says.
2384	1	Poland: the last step of the “sweet reintegration” of the territories of western Ukraine
2384	3	The Polish “sweet reintegration” of historic lands in western Ukraine enters its final phase. All conditions for this are prepared, the experts note.
2384	5	It is no secret for anyone that the lands of Lviv, Ternopil, Ivano-Frankivsk (Polish city of Stanislav), the regions of Volhynie and Rivne have always been perceived in Poland, as part of its historically unjustly rejected heritage. Approximately 80 years Kiev has led its economy in these territories but this has not changed the views of Polish society.
2384	7	The question of the sovereignty of the designated areas is extremely ambiguous, as it has been noted several times in the Western media, and the indigenous population, which has long been in the Polish cultural and information field. After the start of Russia’s special military operation in Ukraine, the question of the future of these lands became active in Warsaw.
2384	9	Military expert Yuri Knutov recently said that the Polish army had enough forces to take control of western Ukraine. In addition, the Verkhovna Rada has already prepared a number of bills governing the new status of Polish citizens in Ukraine, which will allow them to occupy public functions and even qualify for the post of constitutional judges. So, Poland already actively creates a management device, physically not yet in Ukraine. At the same time, in Poland itself, according to the media, the formation of an important police contingent, which includes the Ukrainian national police, is ongoing.
2384	11	Since the end of May, the titles of Western publications are full of information about the “sweet annexation of Ukraine” by Poland. It should be remembered the statements of Polish President Andrzej Duda that the Polish-Ukrainian border will soon cease to exist and that the peoples of the two countries will “live together on this earth.”
2384	13	    “For us to live together on this earth, building together our common happiness and our common force, which will reflect any danger or any possible threat,” Duda indicated the perspective of Ukrainian-Polish “friendship”.
2384	15	Experts note that the question of the reintegration of lost Polish lands in Ukraine is a matter of principle. Under this, public opinion is formed in Poland, when reports with the “good map” of the Polish-Ukrainian borders are broadcast on television and banners are suspended on the streets.
2384	17	"Former Deputy of the Verkhovna Rada, Ilya Kiva, said that, according to his information, at the end of June, Polish troops (maybe the police contingent described above) are preparing to invade the territory of western Ukraine under the coverage of a so-called ""peace maintenance mission"". The politician notes that at that time, the group of the Ukrainian army in the Donbass must be defeated and the regions of Donetsk and Lougansk are permanently lost for Ukraine."
2387	1	The situation in Europe is close to panic due to the upcoming winter
2387	3	The Croate Advance report the growing energy collapse in Europe and the fears of a future winter.
2387	5	The situation in Europe is close to panic, according to Advance. The main question on the agenda is how to survive the next winter without gas. Italy, Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands have already announced the beginning of the first phase of emergency preparation, the newspaper writes.
2387	7	The publication marks a recurrence of public dissatisfaction among the first-size energy companies. For example: the gas regulator Bundesnetzagentur recognized serious problems with the presence in gas storage facilities. The electricity company RWE has also been criticized by the EU leadership for its incapacity to solve the gas problem at the general level, forcing national governments to seek solutions themselves.
2387	9	Advance laughs the representatives of the European governments because of their impotent attempts to find new sources of gas supply: the “Arab cheikhs” refuse even for unthinkable money, in Bakou they are confused and the United States does not rush to supply their LNG, citing repairs.
2387	11	Russia has earned about $100 billion in three months — unimaginable revenue, given sanctions. In the United States, companies in the military-industrial complex are preparing to receive additional revenue from the prolonged crisis in Ukraine. Europe has suffered an economic crisis, and Ukraine in this situation — a “sick-sick.” It’s hard to imagine how she will survive next winter, the publication writes.
2388	1	The “denazification” of Ukraine 
2388	3	    “To join the European family on a foot of equality, Ukraine must return to its history, i.e. stop glorifying those who have collaborated with the Nazis and killed tens of thousands of Jews. There is Babi Yar in Kiev, the street that leads to it is called Stepan Bandera, who is glorified in schools and who killed tens of thousands of Jews and collaborated with the Nazis. Europe is economic values, legal values, but also moral values. You cannot both commemorate the Jews who were murdered by the Nazis and tens of thousands of Ukrainians and praise those who murdered the Jews. It is impossible! In this case, Ukraine has no place in Europe, unless it turns back to its history.” 
2388	5	Since 1945, the Ukrainian banderism, this wicked collaborator of Nazism has never disappeared, refugeed in his Galician sanctuary in this region of Lvov where the memorial of the arrival of the SS in 1941 is considered a liberation, and since 2014, the American imperialism to disrupt a historic rusophobia will organize a deadly alliance with this Ukrainian nazism that has no equivalent to that achieved in Syria with the worst Islamist fundamentalism to serve an amoral globalist rapacity.
2388	7	And yet...
2388	9	As soon as we speak of German Nazism, except for some nationalist fools, the opinion that has a European historical memory does not need any ideological propaganda to condemn and reject this criminal page of European History.
2388	11	But as soon as we speak of Ukrainian Nazism, in this western part of Europe where it has left no scars, the shoulders rise, the eyes turn away and the official languages divide, it is to stupidly repeat the cathodic sermons of the globalist well-think that sponsors its resurrection at the borders of a devastated Russia by its plutocracy.
2388	13	If we others, the pro-Russians denouncing the factual resurrection of Nazism in Ukraine, are immediately accused of being the thurifers of a Kremlin's false propaganda when it is not to practice an accusatory inversion against the holy right-wing western democracy.
2388	15	I would like to see the stumbling of all these foolish globalists when Arno Klarsfeld who is the lawyer of the Association of the sons and daughters of Jews deported from France and coqueluche of the media chairs of the Good Thinking clearly declares that Nazi ideology is institutionalized in Ukraine, and asks, in its way, a de-nazification of the country, I say to myself that Russia is speaking its wishes, at least on this specific but fundamental topic for a understanding of the geopolitical tectonics entered into eruption since February 24. 
2389	1	Will Russia move to a war strategy?
2389	3	Two events that have occurred in recent days – the decision of Lithuania to prevent the transit of Russian supplies to Kalinigrad and the attack of Ukrainian missiles on a Russian oil platform in the Black Sea – could be the point of Russia’s shift towards a war strategy rather than continuing the special military operation.
2389	5	I explain myself.
2389	7	The special military operation, in addition to the declared demilitarization and denazification targets of Ukraine, included restricted commitment rules. Russia has not destroyed all infrastructure and all communication networks. The Internet has remained operational in most regions of Ukraine. Cell phone towers and electric networks have not been targeted and destroyed. The lights remained lighted in cities and villages, including in Lviv and Kiev. Civil fuel deposits and oil refineries were practically not attacked.
2389	9	The buildings of the Ukrainian government, including the Ministry of Defense, have not been reduced into ruins. They are still standing and daily activities continue. The transportation network is still working. Some rail transportation has been interrupted in order to prevent the shipping of NATO military supplies to the eastern part of Ukraine, but the trains continue to run, even though they are powered by diesel.
2389	11	Despite the western propaganda that Russian “orks” violate, pill and wildly kill civilians, the truth is completely different. Russia has not targeted purely civilian areas (unlike Ukraine, which bombs the city of Donetsk where there is no Russian military activity) and has made pressure on Ukraine to open secure evacuation routes to civilians taken into a combat zone. Ukraine has blocked many of these rescue operations.
2389	13	The main feature of the special military operation is the size of the Russian military force deployed in Ukraine - only 250,000 Russian soldiers, according to estimates, against an Ukrainian army and territorial defense force of 600,000 men. The conventional wisdom among military strategists is that an attacking army should have a 3 against 1 advantage if it hopes to succeed.
2389	15	Russia has disrupted the ideas received. Although it had been overcome in a number of three against one by Ukraine, which led a defensive battle from fortified positions, Russia quickly gained air sovereignty and paralyzed Ukraine’s ability to provide air support close to the occupied units. Ukrainian fixed and rotating vessel aircraft have not played a significant offensive role in Ukrainian operations.
2389	17	Russia also relied on the militias of the Republics of Luhansk and Donetsk and allowed them to carry the weight of the battle by taking back the territories held by the Ukrainian army. It seems that Russia played the role of support commander while the military forces of Lougansk and Donetsk were the supported commander. In other words, Russia has provided artillery, blinds, air support and missiles to support the military operations of the Donbass Republics. Russia has also provided strengthening troops according to the needs. Despite Western claims that Russia has suffered catastrophic losses, no evidence on the social media in Russia supports this claim. Vladimir Putin does not have the power to prevent afflicted parents and spouses from crying their lost sons on the battlefield.
2389	19	The carnage that Ukrainian forces suffer on the ground will be very bright compared to if Russia decides to take the gloves and conduct a total war against Ukraine as a supported commander. You will no longer see photo sessions with Western politicians and celebrities walking through the streets of Kiev. Russia has several options: it can destroy Ukraine’s electricity network or close Zaporijia, Europe’s largest nuclear power plant. Russia can also prevent Ukraine’s oil access and destroy refineries. And Russia may start targeting the government infrastructure of Ukraine.
2389	21	I hope we won’t get there, but Vladimir Putin clearly said that it was an existential struggle for Russia and the West, through his words and actions, he strengthened this conviction. A German journalist realized the danger:
2389	23	    The German television admits what has become more and more obvious: the West is denying that Russia has practically won its military conflict with Ukraine.”
2389	25	"    ""I'm afraid we're not facing an uncomfortable truth now,"" journalist Wolfram Weimer said last week. “Russia has won this war.”"
2389	27	    “Now our chancellor works with this language model: ‘Russia should not win this war. Ukraine must win,” Weimer continued.
2389	29	    “I’m just wondering where this will lead us politically, because in fact Russia has practically conquered the Donbass in just a few days. Surface gains are huge, they are approximately as important as the Netherlands and Belgium gathered together. The Earth’s connection with Crimea is here. In other words, how is Russia supposed to lose this war now? » 
2389	31	Weimer continued saying that Ukraine “does not have the force” to militaryly fight Russia, despite the billions of dollars of weapons and assistance received from the West, and that Russia “wins also the international game of sanctions.”
2389	33	We live in a historic era. The world that was created after the Second World War ended on February 24, 2022. The United States is no longer able to dictate the outcome of the situation in Ukraine and Europe. This power now belongs to Vladimir Putin. by 239
239	3	At a show on MSNBC on Wednesday, Anthony Fauci laid the truth about the confinements away... that it’s a theater designed to scare people so that they get vaccinated.
239	5	Asked by animator Andrea Mitchell about the hell of the confinement in China, Mr. Fauci praised the actions of the communist government.
239	7	Fauci said: “China has a number of problems, two of which are that the complete confinement, which was their approach, a very strict confinement that you could never implement in the United States. Although this prevents the spread of the infection, I remember that at the beginning they said, and I think rightly, that they would get out better than anyone else. »
239	9	Then came the theatre blow, when Fauci stated: “We have used the confinement to vaccinate people, so that at the opening there will be no flame of infections. »
239	11	Fully ignoring the concept of natural immunity, Fauci added “Because you are dealing with an immunologically naive population of the virus because it has not been exposed due to the confinement. »
239	13	He continued saying that Chinese vaccines are not good enough.
239	15	The problem is that the vaccines they use are far from as effective as the vaccines used in the United States, the UK, the EU and other countries. They therefore do not provide the optimal level of protection,” Fauci said.
239	17	He continues: “In addition, they have a large part of their elderly population, which is the most vulnerable of us, and there is there a double disadvantage. On the one hand, they do not have protected people, and on the other hand, people who need them most do not get vaccinated. This is the source of the problem in China. »
239	19	Is the most immediate “source of the problem” in China not the fact that people are locked in their homes and hungry to death in an obsessive search for the “zero COVID”?
2390	1	The “Ministry of Truth 2022” of Europe: EU calls on Facebook, Twitter, TikTok, Microsoft and Google to “fight disinformation”
2390	3	“When lies becomes truth, you can’t go back.” – Michael Chossudovsky
2390	4	*
2390	6	The EU has published its guidelines for the implementation of online censorship. This is the path of tyrannia. It is Orwell’s Ministry of Truth 2022.
2390	8	The unrecognized goal is to support government propaganda and “fake news” by major media while systematically reducing freedom of expression and independent analysis throughout the European Union. It is also an attempt to literally (financially) bankrupt independent media through a demonetization process.
2390	10	The European Commission adopts the Strengthened Code of Practice on Disinformation in 2022.
2390	12	The new code brings together a more diverse range of stakeholders than ever, allowing them to contribute to large-scale improvements by signing accurate and relevant commitments for their field. These commitments include demonetizing dissemination of disinformation, ensuring the transparency of political advertising, strengthening cooperation with facts verificators and facilitating researchers’ access to data.
2390	14	Helping platforms and the industry to comply with their commitments under the Code of Best Practices on Desinformation is part of the European Commission’s commitment to a more transparent, secure and reliable online environment.
2390	16	It goes without saying that the Enhanced Code of Good Practices Against Desinformation 2022 does not deal with the real practice of the public media in the field of fake news [fake news], nor question the lies of high officials.
2390	17	Suppression of the Truth
2390	19	The objective of the European Commission is to deny the truth about the Covid-19 and the war in Ukraine. According to Věra Jourová, Vice-President of the European Commission for Values and Transparency (May 2022):
2390	21	“The disinformation related to the coronavirus crisis and the Russian war in Ukraine clearly shows that we need more solid tools to fight online disinformation. »
2390	23	There are a lot of false lie about the deadly effects of the Covid-19 vaccine. The Covid-19 vaccine has since the beginning of December 2020 triggered a trend in increasing mortality and morbidity. The evidence is confusing. The national governments around the world lie to you, to you the people, to the people they are supposed to serve.
2390	25	What is at stake is a global totalitarian project aimed atining official lies and false science on behalf of the financial elites. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen is a complice of the suppression of the truth on behalf of Big Pharma. If you have any doubts, read the Pfizer’s secret report that makes the effect of a bomb and is now in the public domain (published under FOI).
2390	27	“More transparency” means the elimination of freedom of expression in online publications.
2390	29	Until now, the EU’s digital strategy (to fight online disinformation) has applied to Facebook (property of Meta), Microsoft, Google, Twitter, Twitch and TikTok.
2390	31	In this regard, the EU has presented a detailed code of practice which contains 44 commitments and 128 specific measures.
2390	32	demonization
2390	34	The first goal is “Demonetization: Reduce financial incentives for disinformation providers.” It aims to prevent independent online media from generating income through advertising and/or donations.
2390	36	The real “desinformation providers” and “fake news”, i.e. the mass media conglomerates, are not concerned. The main source of their multi-billion-dollar online income is advertising.
2390	38	“The code will strengthen the measures aimed at reducing manipulative behaviors used to spread desinformation (e.g. false accounts, robotic amplification, identity usurpation, false malicious depths)... They will also be required to periodically review the list of tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs) used by malicious actors.”
2391	1	Vladimir Putin's cancer proposed for the Nobel Peace Prize
2391	3	While Vladimir Putin’s health is unquestionable, more and more votes are raised for his cancer to be listed on the list of Nobel Peace Prize candidates.
2391	5	Parliamentarians, members of governments or international institutions, they are becoming more and more enthusiastic about seeing Vladimir Putin’s cancer succeed Dmitry Mouratov and Maria Ressa at the Nobel Peace Prize. The proposal launched last week by U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell could become a reality in view of the number of supports she receives. “Vladimir Putin’s cancer is a message of hope for mankind. He deserves to be rewarded for his contribution to the approximation of peoples,” the Republican senator told CBSN.
2391	7	A new symbol of peace
2391	9	The idea seems to find an echo among the leading European institutions who see it as an unprecedented opportunity for peace in the world. “The end of the war in Ukraine, the return to the normal raw materials prices, the reduction of the energy crisis, the decrease of Bernard Henri Lévy’s interventions, rarely a disease has not been so able to embodiment peace and calm international tensions,” said European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen.
2391	11	The proposal also attracted France to the heart of the committee of the organizing committee of the 2024 Paris Games. To the point that many of his members no longer hide their desire to invite Vladimir Putin’s cancer to become one of the last releasers of the Olympic flame during the opening ceremony.
2392	1	A different environment than punitive ecology is possible
2392	3	In France, we would be tempted to say No, so the uninterrupted media battle assimilating ecology to a stateist posture, requiring heavy tax sacrifices and a stronger control of our behavior and lifestyle is the norm.
2392	5	Another environment is possible.
2392	7	And the good news is that it already exists, despite the silence of the media.
2392	9	The real ecology is not politically marked. Ethymologically, ecology means “economy of the house”... That simply means that it aims to manage as a good father of family the capital of nature that our ancestors have legated to us in order to transmit it intact, or even improved to our children. This is a posture that is ultimately quite conservative (in the sense of Roger Scruton) and that is likely to gather widely among people of sensitivity both right and left.
2392	11	An ecologically responsible policy will seek to imitate as much as possible the functioning of nature, simply because the organization of nature has proved it, is sustainable, resilient, has formidable adaptive capabilities and generates an incredible aesthetic and diversity.
2392	13	The organization of nature is completely decentralized and subject to spontaneous order, which allows its wealth and adaptations to the specific conditions of each territory. The type of economic organization that best imitates natural functioning is therefore the free economy rather than the state capitalism. The political organization closest to the functioning of nature is a decentralized organization that aims to make decisions at the most local level possible (subsidiarity).
2392	15	Economic freedoms and environmental performance are correlated
2392	17	This is what real ecologists know.
2392	19	The economy of the house is ecology. The house is a beautiful metaphor of our country, it is a place dwelled by a family. A truly ecological policy must therefore ensure the well-being and prosperity of the entire population by bringing the citizens together to the maximum. The expectations of the sociological majority must prevail, including and above all the expectations of citizens who no longer vote because they no longer find themselves in any of the proposals that are presented to them during the elections.
2392	21	True ecology is a project that is aimed at the middle class, which can and must be popular. The expectations of ordinary people to regain the expression of sociologist Christophe Guilluy must be respected. These expectations are ultimately very natural: living from work, cultural security, preserving lifestyle in a healthy environment, effective public services...
2392	23	Citizens must be respected, listened, consulted, responsible... The respect for the natural rights of citizens takes full sense within the framework of a truly ecological policy.
2392	25	So what is this UFO in the French political landscape? Ecology is at the center.
2392	27	This young party has just presented 200 candidates for the legislative elections, with professional profiles quite original compared to those of the candidates of other parties because no one of our candidates is a political professional and the vast majority of them work in the private (many independent and entrepreneurs), which allows a good connection with the real world and protects us against off-ground proposals.
2392	29	Our 200 candidates obtained an average score of 3%, very encouraging for a young training unknown to the general public and who did not have access to the media.
2392	31	What proposals were supported by Ecology at the Centre for Legislative Elections? I present you a selection of proposals suited to the editorial line of Contrepoints. There are many others...
2392	34	A dynamic purchasing power
2392	36	Alignment of charges weighing the full wage over the average practiced in the other EU countries so that the French can live from their work (14% net more in average according to the calculations of the Molinari Institute)... Financed by the elimination of the levels of unnecessary administrations, the reduction of state expenditure.
2392	38	Alignment of the charges of the TPE and SMEs settling in the Peripheral France on the average taxation practiced in the EU in order to make competition fair and result by encouraging a better distribution of economic activity throughout the territory. This is a strong demand by the population (only 18% of the French believe that the major metropolis are an ideal place to live).
2392	41	Exit from centralized power
2392	43	Encourage to gradually transform our hyper-centralized territorial organization (from large and very dens metropolis concentrating all the economic activity surrounded by the peripheral France) into a connected network of small provincial cities. It is not environmentally neutral, the second type of organization consumes 30-40% less energy by reducing the transportation it allows and thanks to short circuits.
2392	45	This is where our energy consumption is reduced.
2392	47	This more balanced territorial organization also enables us to solve the housing crisis without artificializing the soil and without excessively denising our habitats: there are three million vacant housing in the small province cities that only wait to be renovated! This is why we proposed the abolition of the SRU (Gayssot law) which leads to an excessive surmineralization of the immediate surroundings of the historical centers of our communes.
2392	49	You will notice at the passage that all truly ecological proposals are incentive (in the form of tax decrease), never punitive... Subtile difference that changes everything!
2392	51	The way out of the current jacobine hyper concentration (economic, political, territorial) to gradually move to a more horizontal model is an ecological goal as the organization of countries such as Germany or Switzerland better imitates natural organizations. These organizations (as well as the transition to the proportional we support) must enable a more calm and less authority political functioning than the functioning we have suffered in recent years. To this, a volunteer policy of re-balancing investments in favour of the small provincial cities must be implemented, as well as a move of the administrations currently cantonated in the large metropolitan cities to these small cities; by reorganizing them at the passage in order to significantly reduce the cost... The covid crisis has made a considerable over-administration of our country compared to our European counterparts.
2392	53	An incitative ecology with a powerful and structured programme of reforms that respect natural rights, lifestyle, economic freedoms now exists in our country, like many other similar parties in other European countries such as the liberal Green Party Switzerland for example.
2392	55	An environment that does not promote decrease, which does not view SMEs as a disadvantage of natural capital but rather wants to rely on their creativity and innovation capabilities to find solutions to the environmental problems that will appear to us in the future.
2392	57	An ecology that takes care of the end of the world and the end of the month!
2393	1	The End of European Colonial Powers, the Tyrannia of Physics
2393	3	Last weekend, I had a long interview with Alexander Mercouris, from The Duran and Crypto Rich, to discuss the rapid evolution of the situation in Europe. The long-term readers know that I have been predicting the collapse of the European Union for years.
2393	5	This idea is not based on my personal antipathy for European hardcore communists and eugenists, although it is quite important. In fact, the more we go into 2022, the more this antipathy rises to almost unextinguible levels. The arrogance and stupidity of European leaders are simply shocking.
2393	7	Today we are facing a situation where the leaders of a whole continent are committing a ritual suicide and are still obsessed with the idea of presenting to the world these self-infected injuries as the fault of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
2393	9	A common feature to all the wise narcissists is the inability to assume any responsibility for their own actions, always seeking to reject the fault on someone else. This behavior is seen in children. And it manifests itself only in adulthood because parents refused to put limits to the child or force him to suffer the consequences of his actions.
2393	11	Look at the leaders of today’s Europe and no one, either man or woman, is showing an ounce of self-reflection or contrition. The problem is equally endemic here among the U.S. leaders affiliated with Davos. President Joe Biden continues to struggle.
2393	12	“Putin’s rise in prices” or to blame oil companies not to be patriot enough to keep fuel and diesel prices at an affordable level for almost all Americans.
2393	14	But just a few weeks ago, the same people told us that we had to tolerate slightly higher pump prices to hungry Russia and defend Ukraine.
2393	16	Biden and the apparatchiks of his party can simply not give up this idea as we are now a little more than four months from mid-mandate elections. 
2393	18	            Translation: Biden to companies that manage gasoline pumps:
2393	19	            “We are in time of war. a global danger. The Ukraine. These are not normal times. Reduce the price you will charge to the pump to reflect the cost you pay for the product. Do it now. Do it today.” 
2393	21	I’ve already told you what was the real cost of the pump, the RIN, renewable compensatory mixing credits, which strangle the small refiners.
2393	23	But in Europe, the true history is beyond understanding. It can be summarized by the following meme: 
2393	25	And yet, if you listen to the European leaders, what are they talking about? The extension of NATO to Finland and Sweden. They support the disastrous blockade of Lithuania on land goods in Kaliningrad, in flagrant violation of the country’s treaty with Russia. The European Parliament and the leaders of France, Germany and Italy all support the invitation of Ukraine to join the bloc.
2393	27	So many elements to which Russia will respond correctly by moving its exports to the east rather than to the west and by putting Putin's words into effect during his speech at SPIEF 2022 last week:
2393	29	    “The European Union has lost its political sovereignty, and its bureaucratic elites dance at the rhythm of someone else, doing everything they are told from above and harming their own people, economies and.” 
2393	31	The whole speech is worth your time and the best insight is this Twitter thread, not for what it implies for crypto, as the author implies it, but for mankind in general. Debt is a system of slavery. It is not the real wealth, it is only the simulacre of wealth.
2393	33	The great lesson to keep in mind is exactly what I’ve been talking about on this blog for years: The end of sovereign debt as the basis of global reserves. The world will quickly evolve to a monetary standard based on raw materials, where a certain form of discipline will be imposed on governments, who lose their credibility from day to day, due to reality.
2393	35	The real wealth lies in the things that make you live.
2393	37	Physics and time limits end up capturing all central planners and their great dreams of world domination. The tyrannia they describe is not racism, a lack of tolerance or even tribalism, they are simply the mathematics and the physics of energy production.
2393	39	It is the great crime of Putin to remind all of this fundamental fact.
2393	41	Narcissists who try to make him responsible for their misfortunes will never admit that they’ve been wrong. They prefer to continue to manipulate the events to guide the world to the unthinkable by blaming it, as well as us, not to stick to their wisdom.
2393	43	Listen to them carefully and all you will hear is, “It’s not my fault! »
2393	45	It is 2394
2394	2	The LPO (Liga for the Protection of Birds) has just appointed as Director-General Matthieu Orphelin, former Deputy of Maine and Loire, former EELV activist and harsh veteran defense. A surprising choice when we know the damage their immense pales make to birds and mouse... The opportunity for Bertrand Alliot, spokesman for Action Ecology, to explain why any nature protection association that respects itself should be, without compromise, sharply opposed to the winds. 
2394	4	Any infrastructure implementation has an impact on the environment and in particular landscapes and biodiversity. Under the difficulty of returning to the oil lamp, we must accept certain “degradations” of our environment... What is “cossy” today is that the degradations of natural environments are necessary to implement ecological policies. In order to produce renewable electricity, it is necessary, for example, to build electric barracks and to dive entire valleys. To develop goods transportation on ships and thus reduce greenhouse gas emissions, we need to build channels and often transform portions of wild rivers into lifeless channels. This is how, in the name of ecology, protest groups are formed to fight projects led in the name of ecology! Some then suggest with irony that in order to be in peace with ecology, the best thing is not to do anything at all!
2394	6	Fortunately, many nature protection associations are more conciliating because they are aware that “infrastructures” provide the society with excellent services. They know, for example, that electric lines kill thousands of birds every year, but they do not demand their dismantling. They also do not demand the deforestation of large-scale lines because they know that the cost would be unbearable for society... In the fact of economic challenges, they are rather looking for a compromise: the establishment of conflict systems for example which, for a reasonable cost, can reduce the impacts.
2394	8	It is in this mind that they are not the wind standing against the winds that do however significant damage to the fauna. Every year, thousands of birds and rats are killed by the enormous wind farms. But are these, in addition to producing the electricity used by everyone, not also a solution in the fight against climate change? With regard to wind ventures, the associations are even more open to compromise that in addition to the economic challenge they have learned to integrate, they disclose an ecological challenge against which they do not see themselves rising.
2394	9	Reacting in this way, the associations do a very bad analysis. Wind energy is part of these renewable energies on which European countries have beted to “decarbonize” their economy and especially their electricity production. In France, the latter is essentially nuclear and hydraulic, it emits very little carbon and this is one of the reasons that makes France one of the best students at the international level. Increasing the number of winds will not change the performance of France.
2394	11	Will the wind power plants be able to replace the nuclear power plants that present a certain danger (in fact very measured), or the remaining gas or coal plants? Winds, like solar panels, are sources of intermittent energy... They produce electricity when the wind breathes. The wind infrastructure must therefore be doubled by “pilotable” infrastructures (nuclear, coal, gas...) which will take the relay during windless periods. Bird and mouse killer does not replace existing infrastructure, they add up... This is perfectly verified in our German neighbor who has developed wind and solar in a spectacular way without decreasing its “pilotable” production capabilities. It is seen that the ecological cost is very important in terms of “infrastructure”, thus in terms of the use of raw materials and energy. This cost is still increased when we consider the life of a wind plant (20 years) much shorter than that of pilotable power plants (60 to 80 years).
2394	13	The associations would like this long list of disadvantages to end, but there is nothing. The development of the wind industry requires the installation of new infrastructures to connect to the existing network all the new production zones that, by the force of things, are spread throughout the territory... Infrastructures indispensable when the wind does not breathe, but also when it breathe too much! As wind power production is increasing, the periods of surplus energy are multiplying and the public authorities are pushing to build more to enable or facilitate the storage of energy! There too, the example of Germany is eloquent: it establishes for an exorbitant price a hydrogen sector fully based on the recovery of renewable electricity in surplus.
2394	15	To this significant environmental cost, the economic cost must be added. According to the Court of Auditors, the French public authorities have already spent the farming amount of €121 billion and are preparing to put back to the pot to build wind farms in the open ocean! The extraordinary birds of the sea, virtuous of the air, not afraid of the wind, no waves, no embruns, will they be able to avoid the winds?
2394	17	"The nature protection associations should be questioned about this and, in continuity (because the answer makes no doubt) ask them to review their position. The League for the Protection of Birds (LPO) says it is ""unfavourable to the development of renewable energies that generate significant negative impacts on biodiversity"", but ""a judgment is allowed by case"". It states that it is “unfavourable to the wind projects in ZPS and ZSC “cave-mice” as well as in the vital spaces and the pathways of movement of heritage species.” The language is Sibyllin and Technocratic. Where we expect clarity and intrinsicity, we see only uncertainty and indicate the option of “small arrangements”."
2394	19	When the circumstances require it, associations should no longer play both demanding and measured “NGO” qualities so useful to maneuver in the spheres of power. They must again become “dwarf and evil,” give up the punished language to get out the big words. Bazooka and big Bertha are the two mammals of the battle. The wind development is one of the most absurd policies carried out today by France. It does not address any economic or environmental challenges. Let a pinson or a pipistrella die, yeah, but not in the name of absurdity.
2395	1	Marine Le Pen: “Migrants are like winds”
2395	3	"Invited in the ""Grand Jury"" on RTL, Marine Le Pen compared migrants to windshields, saying that ""all are agreeing that there are but no one wants it to be next to his home."""
2395	5	For Marine Le Pen, Matteo Salvini is making good decisions on immigration. “I consider with Matteo Salvini that immigration must be stopped,” she said in the broadcast Le Grand Jury of RTL-Le Figaro-LCI on Sunday, April 14. “Migrants are like winds. Everyone is agreeing that there are, but no one wants it to be next to his home,” the chairman of the National Assembly added. He added that it is “need to control our national borders.” 
2395	6	“Migrants must be safe and returned to their country.”
2395	8	Matteo Salvini, Marine Le Pen said that “because it no longer accepts migrants in Italy, the number of landings has fallen spectacularly [...] It has managed to get something that should rejoice all humanists: the decrease in the number of deaths in the Mediterranean outside of Italy.” According to the President of the National Assembly, “this is the policy that must be implemented. “Migrants must be saved and brought back to their country and not to the shores of Europe.” It also said it is “completely opposed [...] to the forced relocation of migrants into countries that do not want to receive them.” 
2395	10	Marine Le Pen’s comparison between migrants and winds has quickly made reactions on social networks. However, as Le Point reminds, it was attributed to Damien Rieu, a personality of the identity movement, who had tweeted a similar phrase on April 8, claiming that “winds are like migrants, that those who want them take them home.” 
2396	1	Joe Biden and the G-7 want to spend billions of dollars to finance “green projects” in the Third World
2396	3	During Joe Biden’s annual meeting with the leaders of the Group of Seven, the United States has committed to investing $200 billion in a third-world infrastructure project. These $200 billion will be used to fund projects aimed at fighting climate change, improving global health, gender equality and digital infrastructure.
2396	5	G7 will unlock $200 billion for unnecessary “green” projects in the Third World
2396	7	In the midst of all the holidays and pleasures, and making Vladimir Putin a fun character, the G7 summit in Germany managed to avoid important topics, such as the question of where Green Germany will supply its energy and what it means when it claims that it will always support Ukraine.
2396	9	Instead, it settled in its comfort zone, i.e. the “infrastructure” and green energy for the third world, as if the third world needed more corruption and energy shortages, as the “green” Germany knows.
2396	11	Of course, the idea of the G7 is to inject money – mostly U.S. money – to solve the problem. Joe Biden approves this stupidity and presented that bad idea as a success.
2396	13	According to Fox News:
2396	15	    “The United States is committed to paying $200 billion to a G7 infrastructure project to counter the Chinese Belt and Road initiative, which represents several thousand billion dollars. The “Partnership for Global Infrastructure and Investment” was resumed by President Biden and other leaders of the Seven Group on Sunday at their annual meeting that takes place this year at the Schloss Elmau, in southern Germany.
2396	17	    In total, the leaders of the G7 have pledged to gather $600 billion of private and public funds over five years to finance the necessary infrastructure in developing countries.The U.S. share of $200 billion will come from subsidies, federal funds and private investments during this period for projects aimed at fighting climate change, improving global health, gender equality and digital infrastructure.
2396	18	    Mr. Biden has long insisted that this money was not “help or charity.” “This is an investment that will be profitable for everyone,” he said, adding that it will allow the countries to “see the concrete benefits of a partnership with democracies.” »
2396	20	Obviously, it is about providing an alternative to the third world countries that are in oil because they have accepted China’s money as part of its “Belt and Road” initiative and who are unable to reimburse it for its infrastructure investments, leaving it free to expropriate important infrastructure such as ports as the world’s most wicked recovery agent.
2396	22	I wrote about this in 2018:
2396	24	    “If there is an example for nations around the world of what should not be done, look at what the Socialist Ecuador has done to itself by leaving the United States and rather aligning its interests with those of China. The New York Times has published a great article (although it gives the desire to vomit) on how Ecuador has sold itself as a vassal of China, acquiring a pacotille barrier that is already collapsing, and giving 80% of its oil production to the communist giant to pay its huge debts to him. And that in exchange for the abolition of its military ties with the United States and the abolition of its debt to the Western banks. »
2396	26	Many other countries are in this difficult situation.
2396	28	There is no doubt that this is a problem, since China uses these expropriations to extend its strategic influence, in order to control one military useful country after another.
2396	30	Instead of discouraging third-world countries to get into this situation and encouraging them to reform their capitalist co-operation systems for authentic economic growth, the G7 (because they cannot attract investments in the usual way) offers them a second credit card, hoping that it will cost them less than that of China.
2396	32	In the end, these countries will lack the West rather than China, since all these infrastructure projects do not appeal to capitalism. Even worse, a large number of these projects presented as “infrastructures” are not infrastructure projects at all, but rather environmental waste. They are an appat for consultancy contracts. The Solyndra ( NdT: a solar panel manufacturer, subsidized by Barack Obama, who failed) in power, with a corruption side of the third world.
2396	34	It is the kind of integral ecologism that Sri Lanka has adopted and that has caused the country’s economic collapse.
2396	36	Green energy is a farce. This is not sustainable.
2396	38	Even an advanced country like Germany can’t make it work – its unconscious devotion to ecologism pushed it to close its highly emission-respective nuclear power plants for unreliable waste such as wind and solar energy, marking its landscape with horrible floating windmills, and, worse, it made it dependent on Russia to feed its batteries and its real energy needs.
2396	40	Today, the country is faced with natural gas deficits and the economic ruins that result, and all Germany and Joe Biden want to do is export this failed model to the third world, with $200 billion output.
2396	42	Joe Biden’s stupid statement that it’s not “carity” is absurd.
2396	44	If third-world countries could make sure green energy works better than fossil fuels, you can be sure they would have invested themselves in this field.
2396	46	But they can’t – no more than Germany.
2396	48	Mr. Biden justified the claim that this distribution of money by the West was a “investment,” but this reminds that investments may fail – and since they have not been made by people who have real money in the private sector, they will probably do so by passing through the guys who use the machine to print dollars to distribute funds they don’t have.
2396	50	This is hateful, since the G-7 has to deal with serious issues at this time such as the failure of the green policies that left Europe without energy, and the even greater failure of authentic fossil fuels industries closing that left the great Western powers debt to the petroturants, including one that makes housing buildings explode in a European capital, and that made a demonstration for the G-7 this weekend, with a new attack on civilian houses in Kiev.
2396	52	None of these issues are seriously examined by the G-7. All they are trying to do is to make the third world as failing as the West in its bizarre and almost religious ecologist obsession.
2396	54	This is a spectacular burden of trouble.
2396	56	Meanwhile, Boris Johnson and Justin Trudeau (no one of whom is stranger to ridicule) will join Joe Biden to try to laugh at Vlad Putin.
2396	58	The hard reality is here: It is Putin who will laugh.2397
2397	3	A huge and historic injustice occurred in Europe in 1914, which, over the following four years, caused several million deaths. Who is responsible for this? The Prussians of Germany, desirable of power, using Austro-Hungarian imperialism as a pioneer, or the Establishment of Great Britain, desirable of power, using French revansism as a pioneer? Some will say that everyone was to a certain extent responsible, although the spontaneous Christmas armistice of 1914 on the western front suggests that it was not a war of peoples, but of elites. But we will leave the debate on responsibilities to university students. We are not concerned by the distribution of guilt or conspirations, we are concerned here only by the tragic consequences.
2397	5	This war, which has become to a certain extent worldwide, has made millions of deaths, the flower of European youth massacred by sadist politicians, by avid weapons merchants who also largely controlled the press, and by generals without heart. In addition to the dead, the forces of evil have left behind them a traumatized continent, tens of millions of crumbled, mutilated, widows, orphans and also old girls who, seventy years later, were still dying in a lonely age and without children, because of the lack of man to marry. How many hundreds of millions of human tragedies had been caused by human evil, the thirst for power and wealth. But all this was much worse.
2397	7	As a result of this First War, the Athenian Bolsheviks took power in the former Russian Empire. Although more than 600,000 Russian soldiers were killed in the two and a half years that preceded February 1917, when they had faced, unlike the Allies on the western front, the vast majority of the forces of Germany, Austria-Hungary and Turkey, the worst was to come. Foreigners sponsored by foreigners, such as the crazy brain Blank-Lenin and the genius of evil Bronstein-Trotsky, killed millions of people in a civil war, including the imperial family, and by a deliberate hunger. Many of them will later die in concentration camps. And unlike the First War, where the enemy did not even enter Russia, during the Second War, the enemy reached the doors of Moscow, Leningrad and the shores of the Volga, massacring 27 million people, mainly civilians.
2397	9	"But there was also the American influenza (called for propaganda reasons “Spanish influenza”). Apparated in Kansas, it was brought to Europe in 1917 by the American troops, who had entered the First War, as planned, as soon as the ""Allies"" (not Germany) had managed to overthrow imperial Russia. The Americans came to conquer Europe. After the Great European Suicide of the First War, this flu may have killed 50 million more people, but some say much more. But above all, just as French Marshal Foch had predicted in Versailles, the “peace” of 1919 led directly to the Second Great War which broke out twenty years later. It caused tens of millions of deaths and made Western Europe, in 1945, a province conquered and occupied by the United States, which then undertaken to create the United States of Europe in their image."
2397	11	This is how the Cold War was born, with its phobia of MAD (assured mutual destruction), the construction of bunkers, weapons waste, and the social revolution of the new generation of the 1960s. Then came the next generation of 1989, 75 years after 1914 and 50 years after 1939, and the occupation of Eastern Europe by the same American settlers, who sent their pro-ambassadors to the host states of the “new Europe”. In 1991, 50 years after the Barbarossa operation of Nazi imperialism destroyed the USSR but was defeated, it fell into the hands of the Nato imperialism. And in turn, 100 years after the beginning of the Great European Suicide, the Empire of Evil began its occupation of Ukraine in 2014, turning it into a dependent vassal. The whole scheme of these hundred years, 1914-2014, had the same source.
2397	13	Until 2022, there was never a hope of justice and restitution for all this. It was then that on February 24 the special operation to liberate Ukraine and de-nazify the world began. This is the last blow and the eyes of the freedom-wrapped world are turned towards the Russian Federation. Even with all his problems, his imperfections and his betrayals, we have no other hope. The world looks at you
2398	1	Abuse of Science
2398	3	“In common logic, almost all effort is focused on syllogism. As for the induction, the dialectics hardly seem to have seriously thought about it; a brief mention, and they go beyond, rushing to the formulas of the dispute. For us, we reject the demonstration by silogism, because it proceeds quite confusingly and leaves the nature escape.
2398	5	Sir Francis Bacon, London, 1620
2398	7	Where is Sir Francis Bacon, in these times when we so need him?
2398	9	As a pioneer of the scientific method, Bacon found that confidence in silogisms had lost medieval thinkers. The hystery of “climate warming” is based precisely on this deficient approach.
2398	11	“Science,” we’re told, validates only one conclusion about the atmosphere. There is a “climate warming”, this is of anthropic origin and is the result of our excess CO2 emissions. But what is this science based on? The argument developed by the GIEC (Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Climate Change) is nothing more than a computer-fortified syllogism.
2398	13	One of the most harsh refrains by the moralists of the ruling class is that ignorants like you and me are unable to understand the principles of “science.” When it comes to Covid, we are a threat, we will let the Covid-19 pandemic disappear; when it comes to climate, we are good only to “destroy the planet.”
2398	15	Isn’t that exactly what Greta Thunberg explains? This Swedish schoolgirl, who, we say, from the top of her fifteen years is a climate authority! He deserves to be invited to speak to the United Nations for his great expertise that led him to a “School Strike for the Climate” pancarte before the Swedish parliament!
2398	17	Reasonably, as a citizen, when the great media brings to the naked a teenager who has become a moral authority in the field of science, a child whose only credibility seems to be a strangely early and humorous fanaticism, it can only put us on our guards.
2398	19	Greta Thunberg’s devotion to “save the planet” is quite forgivable as an unoffensive teenage girl’s sweetness. But it is turned away, becoming the argument of the sale of a scam of hundreds of billions.
2398	21	We see a whole machine designed to confuse students about the harmfulness of our way of life on Earth while generating enormous profits.
2398	23	According to Peter J. Taylor, in the book “The Way the Modern World Works: World Hegemony to World Impasse.”The concept of “ecocatastrophe” is the perfect tool of propaganda to justify the preservation of an oligarchy of billionaires. His book depicts the dialectic of those who justify their domination by claiming that this is the only logical and reasonable response to this world in crisis.
2398	25	This is a false threat to global warming. Certainly, all this mascarade is based on a banking science and covered with obvious shortcomings. It is always permitted to these giants to “bear a well-established capital while preventing anyone from accumulating a capital.”
2398	27	The grotesque postulate that driving a car constitutes a global threat justifies the end of prosperity for the Western middle class and the populations of emerging economies.
2398	29	While “the crowded masses are aspiring to breathe freely,” the climate tyrants decide to ban all of these populations the use of cars. everywhere. Their billions of small cars increase their CO2 levels.
2398	31	Due to the climate alarm, the Western middle class will be condemned to use expensive and low-performance energy sources. Environmental defenders will establish a stagnant economy through which 90% of the middle class will be deprived of a good standard of life.
2398	33	What Taylor calls “eco-fascism.” A policy that does not produce anything good for the individual who wishes to form a small independent capital, but which is perfectly suitable for establishing the era of connivence capitalism. A policy that is also favorable to blend consumption, or even to cause global hunger.
2398	35	Let’s not make the mistake of believing that the lies of global warming are just an innocent dispute, a simple question of poorly programmed computer models, theoretical physics deficiencies. This is actually a vital question.
2398	37	Although our life expectancy increases, on average three months each year in Western countries, the program of ecophasism is in no way the survival for all. This is much more about the death of the greatest number in favor of the comfortable survival of a specific minority of the type Al Gore & Co.
2398	39	Mr. Taylor anticipates an eco-fascist global system comprising two spheres: a easy spheres formed by the ruling class, in which the accumulation of capital will reach a pillar and where the living level will be high; and a poor spheres for which any accumulation of capital will be forcibly prevented. Add the end of the interstate system to this absence of capital accumulation, and capitalism will be replaced by a “postmodern world apartheid” or a “neofascist world system”, allegedly dedicated to the preservation of the Earth.
2398	41	Earth really doesn’t need to be saved, especially not from CO2. Previous increases in CO2 emissions due to volcanic eruptions shut down those that are today imputable to human activity. Unlike the ICE’s statements that high concentrations of CO2 in the atmosphere persist, carbon dioxide is naturally recycled by the Earth. In fact, atmospheric CO2 concentrations have significantly decreased over the last 545 million years, the Earth has effectively exploited CO2, mainly in forest growth.
2398	43	Let’s not forget that there are irrefutable evidence that CO2 is not a pollutant, but an essential atmospheric element for life, essential for food cultivation, and any greenhouse operator can confirm it. During photosynthesis, the consumption of CO2 is necessary for the production of organic matter. Therefore, an efficient greenhouse exploitation will triple the environmental CO2, ranging from around 400 ppm to 1,300 ppm during the day, pumping additional CO2. It would not be done if CO2 was actually a pollutant.
2399	1	Macron wants to “melt” non-vaccinates: a terrible totalitarian turn
2399	3	Declassification of Presidential Function
2399	5	The vulgarity of the presidential speech, at the doubtful syntax, made it fairly to react.
2399	7	It first shows the declassification of the presidential function in our country, which today symbolizes Emmanuel Macron’s disgraceful attitude. And this declassification of the presidential office is only the emerging part of a perverse will to destroy politics and national sovereignty.
2399	9	For the oligarchy wants to replace the government of men with the administration of things. To replace politics with market and technology. Replace the sovereignty of the people with the control of the people.
2399	11	The cosmopolitan bourgeoisie thinks “to make people” by speaking a chariot language and by “breaking the codes.” But by giving up all common decency, it only illustrates its growing isolation.
2399	13	With her president, Emmanuel Macron, she believes she can afford to “melt” the population, in contrast to what was previously recommended by Georges Pompidou. Or to transform the festival of music into gay pride elysée. Or to regret that we spend a “goon of madness” on social spending. Or to say that it is enough to “crossing the street” to find a job. The poor of the poor!
2399	15	A Strategy of Breakdown
2399	17	"Affirming loudly and strongly his will to emmerge the French ""to the end"", while the latter does not commit any offence since it seems that vaccination is not mandatory, Emmanuel Macron also demonstrates that his strategy (""this is the strategy,"" he says in an approximate French) is based on the permanent division of the population. A breakthrough strategy. a civil war strategy."
2399	19	Divided to reign, the formula is old, but it becomes the mantra of the macronia.
2399	21	In fact, the power excels in finding divisive subjects, intended to sow discord in our country. Today, it is about putting on the pillar the non-vaccinated or now the non-complete-vaccinated. To make the disastrous effects of the neoliberal deconstruction of the public hospital [1]. To distract the attention of the fact that the vaccine strategy has manifestly less and less taken on the new variants and that we find ourselves with the stocks of Big Pharma that it is necessary to go well at any cost.
2399	23	No limits
2399	25	But what exactly is happening at the end of the presidency?
2399	27	The voting ban, the suspension of social rights as in Canada, the refusal of care as a “professor” Grimaldi suggests, prison, lynching...?   Official hostility against non-vaccinated people obviously has no longer any limits, as the increasingly annoying statements that are heard in the official media testify about it. In macronics, madness and hatred are as communicative as Omicron!
2399	29	And we can’t stop wondering who will rise in the next macro car. The sovereignists? Marine Le Pen or Eric Zemmour? The Catholics? Who doesn’t believe that Greta Thunberg is the new Messiah?
2399	31	The Totalitarian Turning of Macrony
2399	33	As Soljenitsyne warned, the lie calls violence sooner or later. First of all, violence and then violence.
2399	35	Since the beginning of the Covid crisis, the government has accumulated lies, contradictions and has only done to sow fear in the population. It is fatal that it becomes violent.
2399	37	The post-democracies in the West are sinking a little more every day into a new totalitarianism. In France as elsewhere.
2399	39	The violence of the Macro police against the Yellow Gloves has made emulsions in Europe. In the Netherlands, police have shot the protesters opposed to the health policy and are now using dogs to attack the opponents.
2399	41	Everywhere the oligarchy no longer hesitates to embrace Europeans more and more aggressively.
2399	43	We then begin to dream of a presidential election where the voters would return the currency of their currency...
23144	3	By Claude Meunier-Berthelot, teacher, essayist ♦ The nomination of Pap Ndiaye to the head of the Ministry of National Education has raised curious comments!
23144	5	Thus, this nomination would come in total contradiction with Blanquer’s educational policy, which would have been supposed to have been a fervent Republican! This is not banal. This is not the first time that aneries are spread on national education in general and on ministers in particular, but there is something not only to go on, but to afflict the cruel ignorance of those who see in White a fervent Republican while, clearing the obligation to respect and to make the values of the Republic – for our children only – he has made a priority education policy assassination, dramatically strengthening a policy of excellence in favour of the populations coming from immigration to which, there is strongly to bet that the values of the Republic are not more taught than they are asked to respect the values of the Republic – for our children only – he has made a priority education policy assassination, dramatically strengthening a policy of excellence in favour of the populations coming from immigration to which, there is strongly to bet that the values
23144	7	What does Pap Ndiaye say?
23144	9	I think that changing a minister is changing a policy.
23144	11	Pap Ndiaye’s first statements are unquivocal: he claims a certain continuity with his predecessor: he will not touch the Parcoursup or the bac reform as much as the high school.
23144	13	Thus, the school revolution established by Blanquer for our children through the chambolling of institutions, the disappearance of the manuals replaced by new documents, the recruitment of staff not even on degree but on profile and without qualification, the chosen topics and outstanding computerization... will continue and, while he insists on the “well-being” of children and staff at school, the question of knowledge is completely excluded.
23144	15	The proof of this is that the first decision of Pap Ndiaye is the decree 2022-909 of 20 June 2022 whose terms are as follows:
23144	17	“The decree opens the possibility for teachers of schools (the teachers) to perform their functions in a higher institution; it allows teachers of professional high school to perform their functions in general or technological education high school and college as well as to provide certain teaching in higher education institutions. »
23144	19	What is to say? That as all courses are deleted, it is no longer a matter of level and all staff are called to navigate from the old primary to the old university!
23144	21	What more logical!
23144	23	Parcoursup, a machine to break the excellence... and to promote the Great Replacement?
23144	25	Pap Ndiaye’s children excluded from public school’s “well-being”
23144	27	But this “wellness” that Pap Ndiaye organizes for our children and the staff, he refuses to his children! Would it be to brush them?
23144	29	In fact, Pap Ndiaye learns his children in a prestigious Paris institution which is nothing but the famous Alsacian School, a private institution whose reputation is no longer to do and in which most of our ministers – including the National Education – have learnt their children!
23144	31	Pap Ndiaye had already rejected the “wellness” of the public school of our children to his own children, previously schooled in REP+, otherwise in the enhanced priority education networks, where an excellence policy is practiced for the benefit of immigrants.
23144	33	This does not prevent him from declaring that “French school deals very badly with the disadvantaged children” – let’s mean “allogenic populations” – and that “this situation is unacceptable”, which clearly means that the priority education policy will be further strengthened.
23144	35	In other words, Pap Ndiaye does not change bracket. He was appointed to continue the “deconstruction of France” in accordance with Macron’s project and in the continuity of the Blanquer ministry.
23144	37	But... until when?
