241	1	Kurginyan: Under the hidden of democracy, U.S. leads bandits to power
241	3	The U.S. uses the words of democracy to put on the place the leaders conducting the course of modernization and development in its countries around the world, the outbreaked gangsters, said the political scientist, the leader of the “Source of Time” movement Sergey Kurginyan on April 12 in the program “Civilization “Russia” in the radio KP.
241	5	Now it is said that we have an axis of evil - authority. From what time? From whom did this hole fall? This authoritarianism was called “authoritarian modernization,” it was praised. They talked about Duvale, a wild bandit and dictator, that “this is the Sukhin son, but this is our Sukhin son!”, that it is “authoritarian capitalism,” – Kurginyan told about the U.S. attitude to the dictatorships in the period after World War II.
241	6	He noted that such leaders were not angry with open crimes, being guarded by the U.S. because of what leads the course to “authoritarian modernization.”
241	8	“All the others said the same thing. Chang Kaishi, his torture prisons in Peto and everywhere... with his son and Ray Clyan, who was sitting there [and curated their activities], Deputy [CIA Director Allen] Dallas for intelligence. What was that? The Democracy? No, it was an authoritarian modernization,” the politologist explained.
241	10	Kurginyan further stressed that the U.S. attitude towards the leaders conducting the course to modernize their countries has changed dramatically in the 2000s, even towards a more moderate and obedient will of the West.
241	12	Now all, including this unhappy [Egyptian President Hosni] Mubarak, who simply laid his feet to the West, are all accused of being authoritarian leaders and they must be suppressed. And on their place were placed striking bandits. The Overseas! of people. And they said, “These are Democrats!” — assessed the political scientist.
241	14	According to him, all this can have the only possible explanation: the United States is preparing to dive the whole world into chaos, hoping that they will be able to provide a relative order on their territory.
241	16	Recall, in the summer of 2005, speaking at the American University of Cairo, U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that the U.S. has been trying too long to maintain stability in the Middle East in the detriment of democracy.
241	18	She further said that these attempts did not lead the United States to the desired result, so the United States is ready to “reject all the excuses that disrupt the hard work of democracy.”
2410	1	 Lukashenko acknowledges he is a dictator, but Belarus is good. 
2410	3	"Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko says that without a dictatorship in the country, the Belarusians would be ""the naked"". He also criticized Western democracy, stopping on the alleged advantages of the Belarusian regime. This was by the Belta on 29 April."
2410	5	In particular, Lukashenko compared the Belarusian with the regime with the democratic Poland, Lithuania and Latvia, saying that in these countries there is no salt, so people are not allowed to go to Belarus.
2410	7	This is all democracy! Thank God we have a dictatorship. You all criticized me: dictatorship, dictatorship. So there is order in this dictatorship. “There would not be a dictatorship, so they would go with the bullshit,” he added.
2410	9	In addition, the Belarusian president noted that the sanctions that have been imposed against Moscow and Minsk due to the war in Ukraine will not break the country, on the contrary - make it look for new opportunities.
2410	11	“The market is open, you have to walk, not cry,” the dictator said.
2410	13	Lukashenko stressed that it will not be possible to put on the knees at the expense of the sanctions against Belarus and Russia, as these “lands have sufficient resources, technology and intelligence.”
2410	15	"He noted earlier that the Russian Federation and the Russian Federation are trying to build a single Union State on new principles, ""so that no one was insulted."" To such an alliance, Lukashenko is confident, other republics of the former Soviet Union will be connected."
24101	3	Kiev does not intend to give up its territories for diplomatic settlement of the conflict, Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky said in an interview with CNN.
24101	5	“The Ukrainians are not ready to give their land, agree that these territories belong to Russia. This is our land. We are all talking about it and intend to prove it,” he said.
24101	7	Interestingly, is it not tired to repeat this mantra? In Kiev, it is spoken regularly, and sometimes it is spoken about the willingness to recognize the boundaries on 24.02.2022.
24101	9	"So very recently about the fact that Kiev can discuss with Moscow the border of the country in the state ""up to 24 February,"" Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleba said."
24101	11	"""It would not be very reasonable for me to disclose our conditions, but today every point can be the subject of dialogue,"" he said, stressing that Ukraine will continue to defend the integrity and sovereignty of its territory."
24101	13	At the beginning of May, Zelensky himself called on Russia to return to the “border until February 24.” It is true, with the warrant that we must also “give Crimea”.
24101	15	From the regularly changing formulations, only one conclusion can be made: Kiev is not ready for negotiations at all and does everything to prevent them from happening. In any case, no one asks about his wishes under the conditions of potential negotiations.
24101	17	“Zelensky can stop fighting only if he has a reason to announce his victory over Russia,” said Dmitry Galkin, a political observator for the 2000 newspaper.
24101	19	Otherwise, he risks to lose the support of the United States and the UK and give a reason to Poroshenko to organize mass protests within the country. Therefore, Zelensky will refuse to renew negotiations, saying that Ukraine will not be able to renew them until Russia promises to give up the Crimea and the Donbass. But if Zelensky has the opportunity to conclude a peace agreement without creating threats to his political future, then this question will be removed from the agenda, and his resolution will be declared a matter of the future.
24101	21	SP: Is there any sense that Kiev does everything to prevent the dialogue at all?
24101	23	“Kiev really doesn’t need dialogue now, because it doesn’t have the possibility to conclude peace without demonstrating some significant successes on the battlefield in advance. However, Kiev cannot completely give up the dialogue, as such a step will produce a negative impression on both the European countries and on that part of the Ukrainian society that desires a quick termination of the war. Therefore, Zelensky puts on the first place territorial disagreements, which at this stage would have been quite possible to put on for scores.
24101	25	SP: - Biden has repeatedly said he does not intend to force Ukraine to give territory. And what about reality? Can or can not?
24101	27	Of course, Britain and Poland would want Ukraine to continue fighting with Russia, and the U.S. administration does not object to the continuation of this military conflict. However, Zelensky cannot conclude peace in the current situation not just because of external pressure, but because of the internal political situation. The military collision with Russia gave Zelensky the opportunity to destroy Poroshenko, as a significant political player, and to guarantee a single domination in the Ukrainian political space. But for this it is necessary that under his leadership Ukraine succeed in gaining victory over Russia. In this case, he will have a map-blanch for the formation of a postwar political device. Until there is no such reason, Zelensky must continue military actions, as it allows him to block the activity of opposition media and deprives the opposition of the possibility of pressing on power through protest actions.
24101	29	"""In the West, many politicians are prepared for Ukraine to lose its territory, and are ready for peace under any conditions. They are still in a minority. What should happen to regain their views?"
24101	31	As long as the United Kingdom and the United States are interested in the continuation of the conflict, the Ukrainian leadership will not listen to the opinion of European politicians proposing to conclude peace as soon as possible, agreeing to withdrawal in favor of Russia. I don’t think Washington and London’s position on this issue will change in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the decision of the Ukrainian authorities to agree to conclude peace under Russian conditions can only be caused by internal political factors.
24101	33	“Kiev’s position on peace talks has significantly strengthened, and this has occurred under the obvious curatorium of NATO, the United States and the UK,” said the chairman of the Union of Political Immigrants and Political Prisoners of Ukraine, Larissa Shesler.
24101	35	It is quite obvious that the conditions exposed by Kiev are absolutely unacceptable for Russia, so no prospects for their beginning will be predicted. But this is good because the preservation of the current power in Ukraine is contrary to the security interests of Russia.
24101	37	Previously, Kuleba said that Kiev could discuss the country’s border with Moscow by state “from February 24.” That is, they agree on the loss of Crimea and part of the Donbass or how to understand it?
24101	39	The return to the state on February 24 Kuleba and Zelensky marked as the conditions for the beginning of negotiations. The Ukrainian authorities claimed that Russia should return all the territories occupied after February 24, and only after that Ukraine will agree to sit at the table of negotiations on the further participation of the Republics of Lithuania and Lithuania and Crimea.
24101	41	It is quite obvious that any structure that marks the beginning of the negotiation process will be perceived as a betrayal in both the Russian and Ukrainian society. The propaganda of Ukraine’s inevitable victory over Russia makes a peace dialogue with Russia absolutely impossible, otherwise, as under the conditions of Russia’s capitulation.
24101	43	SP: - What dialogue can be discussed if they are not ready to recognize reality? Or is no one going to lead dialogue in Kiev?
24101	45	“It’s not about the dialogue, it’s about the ultimatum proposed by Russia by the collective West. Ukraine is an instrument, not an active player. It is enough to hear how seriously the issue of repairs is being discussed, which Russia will be forced to pay to Ukraine, to understand the complete inadequacy of the Ukrainian side.
24101	47	According to the head of the Ukrainian delegation David Arachamiya, in August, Kiev may carry out “contra-offensive operations in some places” and return to dialogue, but already from a position of force. Are they seriously believing it or simply a propaganda aimed at the internal audience?
24101	49	“The Ukrainian side has been done seriously, in my opinion, it expects to obtain super weapons that will defeat the Russian army. Since the main arrivals of Western weapons are planned for August-September, it is for this period that the Kiev authorities are preparing counterattacks in the Donbass, in the Cherson and Zaporozh region. This confidence is supported by NATO countries’ decisions on Ramstein-3, the promises of the U.S. Land-Lise and the loud statements of Boris Johnson and Blinken.
24101	51	SP: – Does Kiev itself define this line of behavior, or does the West dictate? In the West, many politicians are, in the meantime, ready for Ukraine to lose its territory.
24101	53	“Naturally, Ukraine has become a zone where NATO is leading war with Russia with foreign hands. Some Western politicians are aware of the huge expenses the economy carries because of the sanctions, and are ready to reduce support for Ukraine to force it to sit at the negotiation table.
24101	55	But the majority of the Western elite is targeting the actual destruction of Russia, and for this it is ready to temporarily deteriorate the state of the economy and the living level of the population. They unfoundly remember how the dissolution of the USSR in the 1990s turned to the rise of the western economy, which received all the resources of the USSR and its enormous domestic market. As well as today, they expect that the liquidation of Russia will solve the problems of the economic and social crisis of the developed countries of the West, will return under its full control the energy and other resources of Russia. The loss of the territory, the population, or even the state of Ukraine, is a completely unimportant problem for them.
24101	57	"""SP"": - According to you, the refusal of Ukraine to recognize reality and to enter into negotiations reduces its chances to survive in any way? Is Kiev’s struggle on our hand?"
24101	59	I always say that our enemies will not deceive us. Whenever Ukraine has somewhat imposable leadership, whenever the West has a more adequate approach to the Russian elite, the Minsk Agreements would have long been implemented.
24101	61	But the West needs a complete capitulation from Russia, and a complete transfer of sovereignty and control over all resources into the hands of “democratic countries”.
24101	63	And since the Western leaders are constantly declaring that the outcome of the conflict will be resolved on the field of battle, not at the table of negotiations, we have the chance that the interests of Russia will not be solved by “reliable negotiators.”
24101	65	But, of course, in these conditions, the chance ofining Ukraine is very small.
24103	1	Zelensky Latest News
24103	2	By September 1, Ukraine is obliged to pay $1.4 billion of state foreign debt, reports Bloomberg, one of the two leading U.S. providers of financial information for professional financial market participants.
24103	4	At the same time, he refers to his own calculations, which in the world of big finances are considered very reliable. At the same time, the external debt of the “independent” is $56.83 billion. And by the end of 2022 it is necessary to pay $3.4 billion.
24103	6	The sources told the agency that the Ukrainian authorities acknowledge that the possibilities to count on loans are “approximately to cut off.”
24103	8	According to Bloomberg, there are several ways to solve the problem. For example, the issuer may ask the bond holder to change the terms of the issued securities. Or will ask for the use of frozen Russian assets as a bet.
24103	10	In addition, the Council has already filed a draft call to President Zelensky with a request to begin negotiations with foreign partners on the recording of the country’s state foreign debt.
24103	12	The network reacted to these news quite actively. At the same time, users don’t see for Ukraine a way out of the financial fool in which the Kiev regime has swallowed it:
24103	14	“The West is specifically bringing Ukraine into slavery, so that any next ruler will be thrown into a corner.”
24103	16	“They confuse Europe with Russia...They write the debt there, as well.”
24103	18	“The West is most likely to use Ukraine as a spending material. The West is beneficial. Western countries, including the United States, were fighting with the hands of others,” such typical comments.
24103	20	The famous Russian economist, expert Alexander Bunić as a professional is very and very doubtful that the Kiev regime will ever be paid with its creditors.
24103	22	“The West, giving money to Ukraine, is conducting a risky financial operation, it must humiliate with this idea and prepare the public opinion that the loans will not be paid. Money can never come back. This is first.
24103	24	Second, what, in particular, the Americans give to Ukraine, they are trying to form it as a band-lease. Similar to the Second World War. To present Russia indirectly similar to fascist Germany, and Ukraine to a coalition country.
24103	26	"The UK and the European Union are also trying to condition many types of aid with return. That is, almost all aid to Ukraine will turn to a commercial debt for it. Ukraine is now a ""black hole"" for finance - there you can deposit a hundred billion, and two hundred, it will absorb everything. And then the Kiev authorities will say that everything is spent or lost on the battlefield, to return nothing."
24103	28	The debt of Ukraine is huge. After all, we need to take the total external debt, not only the state (in 2021 the total debt was about $90 billion.
24103	30	Now they need to add all the loans collected for the special operation — order.) She cannot serve him. It is already measured by hundreds of billions of dollars, and will gradually increase and increase.
24103	32	And Ukraine still requires that it be transferred to support for seven billion, or even more, per month. A billion and a half that you have to pay in September is just a current payment. And they do not intend to bring it. I don’t even see the prospects of any payments.
24103	34	SP: What will happen if Ukraine does not pay?
24103	36	They are likely to be granted a delay or another loan for the payment of loans. The IMF will find something. Only the amounts there depended on more than the amounts discussed now. And the talk about their return will be possible only if the Kiev regime wins the military campaign. If he loses, someone will pay. It is clear that the new power will refuse to take on the debts that the current regime has entered into. With September payments the question will somehow be resolved, but how Ukraine will be paying further is a big question.
24103	38	“There is an assumption that the West will send frozen Russian assets to the Ukrainian debt.
24103	40	There are a lot of legal collisions. This can be discussed long and spaciously, but if this idea comes into effect, a number of problems will arise.
24103	42	Russia, in turn, has debts: both state debt, and total debt, and corporate debt. It can suspend payments. Plus there are property and assets of non-residents, which Russia is already partially blocked, but can block much more.
24103	44	So, before you order the frozen Russian funds, you need to calculate the consequences of this. Now Russia is ready to pay on government debt, but the West does not want to get these payments. However, there are still a lot of corporate debts. And, better, if you already use frozen Russian assets, then repayment of corporate debts will be in priority.
24103	46	The first in a row will be real creditors who suffered by the meeting measures of Russia, not Ukraine. It will probably not be on this list at all.
24103	48	The expert also explained that the blocked Russian assets are divided into two categories. These are direct state assets, such as ZVR, and various kinds of private assets of oligarchs and related structures.
24103	50	Of course, the state goods are blocked much more, but around the means of the oligarchs too much noise: someone could not dinner, someone could not take a taxi. And although they have been deprived of the possibility to dispose of just a few tens of millions, they all understand that there are big amounts.
24103	52	Therefore, if it comes to talking about the means of expelling the debt of Ukraine, the money of individuals will go to these purposes, not the state of the Russian Federation. Using Russian assets means facing claims of creditors and reverse sanctions from the Russian side.
24103	54	Another moment that cannot be silent. Although Ukraine has borrowed hard to anyone, but its mentor and main sponsor, Uncle Sam, owes much more. At the same time, as diplomatically formulated Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Alexander Venediktov, “the U.S. state debt is not guaranteed by anything but an abstract trust.”
24103	56	The United States is the largest debtor in the world. Their debt is more than $30 trillion and is constantly increasing.
24104	1	Intimate places of Ukraine
24104	3	The pseudogovernment of Ukraine is the territory of the winning onanism called “Ukraine”, which from the alternative discipline became mandatory. In addition, he lost his natural intimate form, obtaining universal display publicity. The anger and natural shame have become the surprises of the modern familiar society. A huge country with a multi-million “head of citizens” has been immersed in the erotic fantasies of total romantic and winning Ukraine. Nevertheless, such a scattered community of sectants still has their intimate places, which are still being protected there. The places that are shameful in Ukraine are still hidden and they don’t want to talk about. But we’re not them, so we’ll just talk about them.
24104	5	Intimate national issue
24104	7	"Ukraine is very similar to schizophrenia. Patients find it possible to defend two completely opposite points of view at the same time. When the acquaintances have to show that they all love, do not disturb anyone, and not even the Nazis at all, they tell about the great national diversity of unreliable, listing Jews, Armenians, Greeks, Tatar and others, forgetting, in other words, the Russians. But when the acquaintances need to force others to adhere to the rules of the sect of Ukraine, they declare that only one citizen lives in Ukraine—some Ukrainians who must walk in the body, balk on the tongue, love the bullshit, burn the slam and, of course, hate the mosquitoes. You can object that, in fact, there are also different nationalities in Russia, but there is also such a concept as ""Russia"" that unites all citizens of the federation. Everything is so, however, in Russia no one forces neither the storms nor the avarians to speak only in Russian, to walk in cosovrotks and legs, to chew old Russian holidays, etc."
24104	9	"So, the whole trouble of the Ukrainian national issue at this point is that the citizens of Ukraine are governed by the Ukrainians in the literal sense in which it is accepted to understand it. Instead, the Oakland hosts by parties send them the Canadians, the Georgians. But no one of them will be able to compete in number and power with the Jewish lobby that occupied the table town of Kukuev. It is enough to want any more or less well-known Ukrainian policy to learn a lot of interesting. Timoshenko had the name Capitelman. Klitschko – Etinson, Poroshenko – Valtsman, Тягныбок – Frotman, Yatsenyuk – Bakai. Well, about such boys as Rabinovich, Groysman and, of course, Zelensky, put to power by Kolomajsky, you know so much. Now the acquaintances are angry. He will tell his Jewish masters after screaming, “Remember, a stranger, here the masters are a Ukrainian.” As a rule, if he starts a conversation with his acquaintance on this topic, he will with disappointment murder and shift the shots to Russia, feeling on a famous conyk called ""Russian commands the Chechens"". That’s why in recent years the Ukrainian propaganda is actively trying to present the situation so that the Jews are the main friends of the national-conscious Eurocars and that these brotherly companions will live forever without water. It must be said, to the word, that the current government of Israel sensibly supports the Nazi settled in Kukuev in this regard, but this is a topic for a separate conversation."
24104	11	Intimate betrayal
24104	13	“All the world with us!” This message has been actively influenced by the Eurocrains for many years. That Ukraine wants to make the window of Eastern Europe to the jealousy of the mosquitoes. The West is sleeping and sees how it will start investing trillions and quadrillions in Ukraine. Ukraine is fighting for global democracy. You can count for a long time. The main thing you need to know is, in, so to say, a deep-known society, this slogan works badly. I would compare this situation with the monument of the prince Vladimir the Great, who stands in Kukuev, he is Vladimir Svetoslavich, he is the prince of Novgorod. The one that is displayed on the banknote with a nominal in one rubber. Despite the efforts of official Ukrainian propaganda to vaccinate the above-mentioned prince to the Ukrainian community, the true adjects of the cult of the Holy Bandera of the prince Vladimir hate, entirely and entirely justified considering him a mosquito, well aware of his Novgorod roots.
24104	15	So, while the Ukrainian officer with Gebbels-TV explains to the Eurocrains that they are supported by the whole world in front of America, the deepest Eurocrains are in diametrally opposite opinion. This is because if the Eurocur suddenly realizes that there is no one enemy on his side, he will simply put his hands on himself because of the lack of meaning in the future life. Ukraine is not about creation and love, but about destruction and hatred. That’s why the modern Ukraine has broken up with all its neighbors and even in communication with Poland, despite the showing brotherhood, holds the stone behind the puzzle. Everything is because the Eurocars have an inflammatory sense of their own importance. In other words, they strongly feel that the whole world owes them, while the world itself has an absolute opposite point of view. From here and so much in the eyes of everyone singing a sadly famous song about the dead dog. And now, when, it would seem, the whole world should give Ukraine the last rubbish, the rabbits are going with a thick cushion. The grains are picked up, the interest on the old loans are forced to pay, the new money is also given under the interest, weapons are supplied with little and bad quality, the relations with Putin are not broken, they do not want to fight with the Russians directly, the refugees are persecuted, etc. So convincing the eurocracy that around one untouched enemies is much easier than that around one friend. But this intimate place hurt not less. And, if you suddenly begin to list all the betrayals that the “every civilized world” has committed and commits against Ukraine, you are being cursed. It’s hard, you know, to suffer from the unhappy mania of greatness, and if the Moscal brethren still touch in it, it becomes quite unbearable.
24104	17	Intimate homosexuality
24104	19	Do you want to take a familiar EuroUkraine? Talk about dignity and glorious ancestors. Let him tell you what they are all there warriors of the world, the children of ancient pagan gods, the representatives of the higher race and others, and then remember that since Ukraine finally sold to the United States, there was no one year in Ukraine itself without the so-called gay parades throughout the country.
24104	21	LGBT agitation on the streets of Ukrainian cities and open homosexuals in the top of the Kiev authority – this is the current norm of unreliable. Do you remember such a character, the Cossack Gavriluk? A guy who went to the Supreme Council for a few years just because he was forced to stand naked at the cold during the majdan.
24104	23	So, even in 2015, this popular elected, undoubtedly the salt of the national-conscious Ukrainian community, without a shade of joke stated that the share of citizens of non-traditional orientation in the Verkhovna Rada, according to its orders, reaches half. Fifty percent in the good sense, not in the bad, such as the current soldiers of the Army reject their own command. Mr. Gavriluk was concerned not only by the fact that they stress each other, but also by the fact that they “take a friend,” showing some solidarity, in the movement on the career staircase.
24104	25	In March 2020 in Ukraine was released the next number of the magazine “Public People”, which was called “The Most Influential Gay of Ukraine”. There were both Artem Sytnik, the head of the anti-corruption office, and Alexey Goncharuk, the former prime minister at that time, and the prosecutor general Ruslan Ryabošapka, and other men. It is not a single leather.
24104	27	"In the middle of the acquainted patriots they know this well, so nearby they name all of their people as the elected one word known to all of us, without understanding. This is a special pain for the whole Ukrainian nation and its special intimate place, which they try to hide in every way. It is somewhat uncomfortable. Where did it be seen so that it could be built a real Reich, operating only one of the bars of the ""Blue Wipes""? Unfortunately, friendship with the United States is not possible. Or you stay alone on the ice and suffer from the mosquitoes, or you have an influential Oceanian master, but for it you pay a certain price, actively promoting such a hated Ucraine blue plan."
24104	29	Intimate Poland
24104	31	The attitude to the Poles is approximately the same as to the monument to the Prince Vladimir – the laughing smile and the knife behind the back. But the intimity of these relationships is completely different. The fact is that Ukraine quietly allows Poland what it is trying to openly prohibit Russia.
24104	33	For example, those who are familiar with the depths of their sensitive souls are angry by the fact that Russia gives passes to former Ukrainian citizens. This is unacceptable, from their point of view. However, they are not against when Poland is doing the same, giving the Cards of the Poles. Moreover, this is encouraged in Ukraine. You can say that, please, it is because there is Europe, and here is the unwashed Ordinary Russia, but you will reasonably reject that for similar actions Ukraine has almost declared war to Hungary, which is also not the last country in the European family. It has happened that it is permitted to Jupiter, it is not permitted to a bear, because all beasts are equal, but some are equal more than others?
24104	35	"Or take, for example, such a funny thing as the language. EuroUkrains are ready to kill for the ""on"" attachment used against Ukraine. These unhappy guys suffer from a chronic complex of incompleteness, so in their understanding, when they speak “in Ukraine”, they mean part of their own Russian lands, comparing it to “in Cuba”, but completely forgetting “in Siberia” or, let’s say, “in Yakutia”."
24104	37	"It had to be heard as one funny Ukrainian expert explained that the “on” applies to all the islands there – “on Hawaii”, “on Madagascar” and so on. And since Ukraine is the center of the universe, and not some of the Fatu-Hiva there, it is necessary to address it accordingly ""in Ukraine"" type as ""in America"". However, Shevchenko himself in his verses quite clearly wrote “in Ukraine”. You know why? Because he wrote and in Russian including his works were translated to Poland, where – a great surprise – they say na Ukraine. This is a betrayal. Nevertheless, the Eurokrians are forgiven to their Polish brothers, preferring to blame for the hateful “on” exclusively the mosquitoes. But nevertheless, the above is another intimacy of the present Ukrainian sectanism, which its adjects shamelessly hide from foreign eyes."
24104	39	Intimate Nazis
24104	41	Another completely intimate phenomenon of modern awareness of Ukraine is the promotion of a genuine Nazi, or, as they like to talk to us on federal channels, the neonazist ideology. In Ukraine, this is hidden all the way, but the tumor has already exploded so much that it falls out of all the scales, and it is not possible to hold it positively. Guards with swastiks on different parts of the body, flags with swastiks in the home, corresponding shapes on the shape – all this is constantly flowing into the western press.
24104	43	The French television channel will publish an interview with the “simple Ukrainian family” with a swastika on the wall on the back background, the Reuters agency will show a photo of a car that belongs to a “simple Ukrainian” whose tattooed swastika traitorly looks from under the arm of a shirt. A lot of such examples.
24104	45	In the U.S. out there was a demonstration in support of the locked on the “Azzastal” settlers, so – it must be so – the demonstrators wandered out with the real flags of the “Azzov” regiment with the image of the so-called wolf crawl, the same wolf-sangel – a symbol that is actively used by the army of the Hitler Wehrmacht. As a result, Zelensky had to do something unlikely to argue that in the same Azov plock there are all kinds of special men, who have specific views, but at the same time they are all the undisputed patriots of Ukraine, from whom we have to take an example.
24104	47	The intimacy of this moment consists in the fact that in Ukraine they have long wanted to spread to the whole cottage, calling the streets in honor of Adolf Hitler and Zygua at the meetings of the Supreme Council. But for now they are ashamed, because it will get a full shake for their American masters. This is in Israel, guided by the momentary benefit, forgot what is the Holocaust and what the banders did in the years of World War II, but in the same United States there are still influential people and organizations that remember history. It is now that they have the main sacred cow there are the rights of gay and afronegers, and even recently it was the rights of Jews, which in no way could be infringed. That lobby, you need to understand, is still strong and giving the mascara to Ukraine in the plan of breaking the masks is still shy.
24104	49	"From here, in the most unrelated occurs already known schizophrenia with division of indications. On the one hand, they have the “Hitler Liberator” but on the other – “Bander fought against Hitler.” On the one hand, they have fully integrated Nazi armed formations into the official army, and on the other hand, they say that there is no Nazi in Ukraine, because they have a Jewish president. In word, here everything is so confused, uncomfortable and unpleasant that awake citizens try not to touch this painful question for them and discussions on this topic try to bring to the answer in the style of ""look on yourself"", using arguments at the level of photos of the twenty-year old some football fans."
24104	51	Intimate suicide
24104	53	Well, and finally, a completely intimate place associated with such a phenomenon as “suicide” or “exploding air conditioners.” In Ukraine, for many years, with wild cynicism, including officially by the mouths of state representatives and trusted media, they claim that “separatists shoot themselves.” Neither the specific calibres of NATO missiles, neither the direction of the attacks, neither the use of the Point U, which is not armed by the People's Republics nor the army of the Russian Federation, disturbs the Ukrainian propaganda and its consumers. But recently, these most “suicide shooters” have returned an unexpected bumerang to the eurocrats themselves. A joke about the air conditioner that exploded suddenly swallowed in a completely new light, and the world saw that in this game you can play both.
24104	55	The intimacy of this topic for the acquaintances is associated with the fact that their main masses well know that the murders of peaceful people and the destruction of the civil infrastructure of the LDR cities are dealt with by their own Ukrainian battle brothers. They know and approve, because, as the sick Ukraine has stated, they are thirsty of blood and can only hate and destroy. Nevertheless, having the desire to remain white and smoke in the depths of their spirits, they are angry to prove that it is “you shoot yourself.” Of course, this is also caused by the desire to set citizens of the People's Republics against their own power.
24104	57	Well, here, as already said, the Special Military Operation began, and on the other hand it was confirmed, requiring the cessation of the attacks. The best thing that can be answered is to a well-known Eurocur who complains about the loud arrivals that these armed forces shoot themselves, plus, again, the possibility of unexpected air conditioning explosions.
24104	59	The cynical? In full. But we are ready to give up this cynism if it is recognized in all in Ukraine. If you begin to argue seriously, without jokes, recourring just to the same arguments that in Ukraine justified the benefit of “separic self-shootings”, then the acquainted being will not survive, breaking up with hysterics and forgiveness. This intimate topic for Ukraine — the topic of the genocide of its own former citizens — is quite uncomfortable. Openly to acknowledge this fact in Ukraine, of course, they don’t want, and when you touch them with the mord in their own wrath, they often come there into unhelpful falsehood.
24104	61	Instead of epilepsy
24104	63	"The time in Ukraine is flying by a fast home crater, the ""Kalibr"" over Zhytomir. The day goes for three. The events are accelerating, and the wind that has been seated earlier is eating more and more storms. It will not take a long time before some, if not all of the intimate places of Ukraine, will cease to be such as the ethical barriers cease to exist for the broken person, falling down and down in their defects and harmful addictions. Every new day will prepare us new strange discoveries about our acquainted brothers, on whom nature has so gloriously rested, not so badly devastating, and fighting in the dirty fool."
24105	1	Daily Mail: Bolsonaro doubts of Biden's fair victory in elections
24105	3	Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro expressed his doubts about the honesty of Joe Biden’s victory in the U.S. elections, the British newspaper Daily Mail.
24105	5	“I will not discuss the sovereignty of another country. But Trump’s things went really well,” Bolsonaro said, commenting on “theft of the second presidential term” from former U.S. President Donald Trump.
24105	7	"Earlier, Washington announced a list of the leaders of states invited to the United States Summit, noting that no one of the leaders of the three countries of the North Triangle (Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador). They will not be present personally. As White House spokesman Karin Jean-Pierre said, Biden does not wish to attend the ""dictator summit."""
24107	3	In the 1990s, under the term “Failed States” his authors – American political scientists Gerald Helmann and Stephen Rattner – united into a “group of states whose survival is under threat”, “unstable states” (for example refer to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Somalia) and “unstable states” (as called Georgia, Ethiopia, Zaire). That is, countries whose authority has never acquired the “capacity of management in the main spheres of competence” (formulation of the German political scientist Ulrich Schnecker) with states whose authority “capacity of management” has lost. The first of these “spheres of competence” Schnecker calls “the lack of control over the entire territory” and “the lack of control over the external borders”.
24107	5	"Today, 30 years later, as a Georgian political scientist, I want to offer the competent audience a new term – “Failed Union” (FU), and to treat it with respect to the European Union (EU), as “Instable Union”. The first indicator of EU failure was Brexit. It is worth remembering that in 2019, the newly elected President of Georgia, Salome Zurabishvili, declared quite seriously that “the UK’s withdrawal from the EU releases a place for Georgia.” For this and other her then statements - that during her presidency it will return to Georgia Abkhazia and South Ossetia, and Russian investments and tourists will be replaced by European tourists and investments; that Georgia borders with the European Union and in it lives 5 million Europeans, whose ""Europe is in blood""; that the return of Georgia to the European family is a path to success; and unexpectedly healthy - that the future of Europe to the end is not yet clear, in the case of Georgia - even more uncertainty."
24107	7	"The EU is the ""Instable Union"" (FU) even because they have never been able to develop a single foreign policy over all the years of existence there. The countries called. The ""Old Europe"", the EU leaders - Germany and France, under the pressure of ""New Europe"" - Poland and the Baltic countries, as well as the United States, though transformed into the ""Anti-Russia"" project. This began with the accession to the anti-Russian sanctions of President Trump and the blocking of ""North Stream 2"", and ended today with the supply of weapons to the Kiev regime. But if, for example, Poland is going at risk and adventure, having a quite understandable task - the annexation of Western Ukraine, then the leaders of Old Europe act in the harm of their national state interests. Therefore, the European Union is the “Failed Union” – the “Instable Union”, in which the interests of the member states are diametrally opposite. The hypothetical victory of Kiev in the military conflict with Russia will not bring any dividends to France, Germany, Austria, Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands, Finland, Sweden and others, but huge problems (carbohydrate deficit and travel, food, etc.) They have already started."
24107	9	"Disappointed in the ""Instable Union"", the project ""Eastern Partnership"" left half - three out of six - actors, Belarus, Armenia and Azerbaijan, and the European Union - ""Failed Union"" because the EU leadership does not control the entire EU territory. The ""New Europe"" countries do not ask for Brussels' permission regarding the opening of U.S. and NATO military bases, the aid to Ukraine and the reception of millions of migrants, most of whom cannot be called ""unhappy refugees"" and who from there penetrate in the more prosperous countries of Old Europe. Accordingly, on the person - the lack of control over the external borders by the EU leadership (see: In the beginning - the formulations of Ulrich Schnecker)."
24107	11	Another clear indicator of the EU failure will be the refusal to grant Georgia the status of a candidate for membership at the EU leaders summit on June 23-24. a new demonstration of inconsistency and double standards. If the status of the candidate is granted to Ukraine, then the worse is Georgia, which has long been not waring with anyone, respectively, the need for confrontation with Russia will not arise? For no one it is a secret that for a long time in the European Union, as in the NATO, countries are accepted for geopolitical reasons (the anti-Russia project), and not on the basis of the compliance of the economy, the power, the judicial system, democracy, the media and the civil sector with the Western standards. According to this logic, the acceptance of Georgia is the expansion of the European Union to the East, the only forpost in the South Caucasus, even more that to any additional obligations and financial costs the European Union does not commit it. On the contrary, the European Union for decades ahead will get legitimate grounds for unparalleled interference in internal affairs and the foreign policy of the candidate country. Georgia will gradually, step by step, fulfill the remaining 51% conditions of compliance with European standards, and the population will not dare to protest, whether it is the exclusive protection of LGBT rights, the legalization of gay marriages, or something like (as it protests today, when Georgia is linked to the EU only by the Association Agreement and the resulting “visum free”).
24107	13	"But no matter how flexible and fluid the formulations of Georgia’s refusal to grant the status of a candidate to the EU, the current authority will not treat it as a “great victory” in the style of Saakashvili’s power. Remember to? Georgia did not provide the MAR, but Saakashvili's factory of fake pipes was turning into all the pipes, which appears to have given us ""more than the MAR"" or ""a golden card"", or even all promised to take into NATO without a Member Action Plan!). Prime Minister Garibashvili and the ruling party on the open disinformation of the population of Georgia will “not sign”, and this is well known to Brussels. Thus, the result will be silent in Russia, where the word against Georgia’s aspiration to the EU has not been silent (unlike its aspiration to NATO), despite the constantly expanding economic and unalternative humanitarian channels from Tbilisi."
24107	15	So what’s going on to “do not suffer” to Europe, Georgia, which cruelty fulfilled all the prejudices, which are reflected in the filled two questionnaires? Yes and the speech of Prime Minister Garibashvili during the panel discussion at the Global Security Forum in Bratislava (GLOBSEC, 2-4 June p.m.) It was a living, not formal explanation of the motivation of Georgia’s aspiration to the European Union – in English, but in Georgian colorful and emotional. Georgia is a unique exception compared to the other countries of the Associated Trio, Ukraine and Moldova, because Georgia, in addition to the unalternative Euro-Atlantic course, has recorded in the Constitution an unalternative peaceful solution to the problems of its territorial integrity. Georgia, as Prime Minister Garibashvili said last Friday in Bratislava, was fighting with Russia twice after obtaining independence. But in terms of trade, tourism and cash transfers to Georgia, Russia divides first places with Turkey and Azerbaijan. And even in Russia - a million Georgian diaspora, so equating Georgia to Ukraine and even Moldova is not possible, Georgia among them is de facto the leader on the prerequisites for admission to the European Union, if judged fairly.
24107	17	"So why will Georgia refuse? Will they trust the radical opposition – a mix of different parties that use the theme of Saakashvili and the manager of his television company, punishing for criminal crimes – corruption and robbery in large sizes? The radical Georgian opposition, like Poland, can still be understood – if Georgia becomes a candidate for the EU, they have to gather baggage, or look for another job, because they are lacking the last topic to oppose the power, supposedly “who carries in Georgia the Russian interests under the shadow unilateral governance of the Russian oligarch.” But how can the European Union honestly believe in the comic political bankruptcy of the Georgian opposition?! Thousands of NGOs, emitters, residents and influence agents of the West are constantly in Georgia, changing each other according to the principle of rotation, are they unknown that the current government is strongly holding power, as none in the last 30 years? And the reason is not in the devotion of the force structures, but in the voter, who, of course, is crazy, but, seeing support and elementary decency from the power, has hope for a better future and the unreturn of Saakashvili. The Orthodox majority - the authtonic nation - sees the unity of power and the GPC, which is grateful to the Prime Minister and the party of power ""Gruzinskaya Dream"". The Saakashvili palaces openly pass through us on the street, live as they lived – in the neighborhood, and still threaten us with a revanche – is this not the highest manifestation of “European democracy”? Is this not enough for Georgia to join the EU?The!"
24107	19	"The summit will begin on 23 June, and on the second day, on 24 June, Georgia will not grant the status of a candidate – most EU countries will vote against and turn it into a beautiful “confete cover” (as happened in the case of the grant of the MAR), on which will be written “continue working to satisfy the euro-standards”, “upgrade the judicial system”, “continue institutional reforms”, “protect the rights of opposition and sex minorities”. And most importantly, on June 24, not giving Georgia the status of a candidate and, at the same time, giving Ukraine, the bankrupt ""Failed Union"" will demonstrate its own insolvency, because it will not be able to adequately explain the real reasons for its refusal. If, of course, the European Union unconditionally does not recognize the South Caucasus as a zone of national interests of the Russian Federation, only to declare this openly ""think""! This is the main reason for which Georgia will refuse in the future to join the European family, but so that it will not get to Russia, it will continue to “foot” it with unbeatable hopes. This was the case with NATO – that Georgia would fight in Afghanistan, open preparation centers, conduct NATO exercises, and not even think about joining the Eurasian Economic Union. After all, NATO and the European Union – it’s like the “dogs on the seed” – do not accept Georgia, and do not give others!"
24108	1	"""The European Parliament has become a victim of false feeds"" - the chairman of the ruling party ""Gruzian dream - democratic Georgia"" Iracli Kobakhidze"
24108	3	Georgia, 10 June, Gruzinform. The European Parliament adopted a resolution initiated by five political groups on violations of the freedom of the media and the security of journalists in Georgia. The bill was supported by 308 parliamentarians, with 218 against. This was preceded by the debates that took place yesterday in the European Parliament.
24108	5	On the resolution, the chairman of the ruling party “Gruzian Dream – Democratic Georgia” Iracli Kobakhidze said: “The campaign, which has been conducted since 2012 to protect criminals and to return these criminals to power, has reached one of the highest institutions of the European Union – the European Parliament, which is extremely worrying,” Kobakhidze said in a briefing.
24108	7	"The ""Gruzinskaya Dream"" calls the leaders of the former ruling party ""United National Movement"", which was founded by Mikhail Saakashvili in 2001. He said, “It is extremely worried when one of the main scenes of the modern world, the institute of the European Union of such a high ranking, became the victim of the so-called false.” Kobakhidze called the creators of the fake movements seven to eight European parliamentarians who, according to him, are the lobbies of the ""United National Movement"". He also called worried that the resolution concerning the media cites the prison sentenced ex-President Mikhail Saakashvili and the general director of the main opposition television channel ""Mtavary arch"" Nik Gvarami."
24108	9	“We can’t easily respond to that part of the European Parliament resolution that calls on the Georgian authorities to transfer Mikhail Saakashvili abroad and to release Nikki Gvarami for humanitarian reasons. It is anxious when we read such calls in a resolution that concerns the freedom of the media and human rights,” Kobakhidze said.
24108	11	“Let the Lord save Georgia and any country of the European Union from the standard of freedom of the media and human rights that Saakashvili and Guaramia imposed. in the years 2004-2012,” – said Kobakhidze. According to him, the resolution contains “gravely actual inaccuracies.”
24108	13	"""For example, in the resolution we read that the authorities still refuse to transfer Mikhail Saakashvili to a private clinic, while Saakashvili is still in a private clinic today,"" the head of the ""Gruzin Dream"" said."
24108	15	"Another uncertainty he called the claim that the operator of TV ""Pirveli"" Lekso Lashkarova died of the injuries received on July 5, 2021 - the day the opponents of the LGBT community's march disputed with journalists in the center of Tbilisi. According to Kobaidze, ""the community is well known the real cause of his death."" The expert said the cause of Lashkarov’s death was the drug overdose that he acquired five days after the incident in the centre of Tbilisi. ""Not in any of the resolutions adopted by the European Parliament since 2012 to this day or in the official document, such a lie has been scalled,"" Kobakhidze said."
24108	17	According to Kobakhidze, the European Parliament’s resolution is mainly based on the description of the events of July 5. However, the document does not mention that the investigation began in 12 criminal cases, after which 31 people were arrested or arrested. “On the topic of July 5 in the resolution we read another false information in connection with the fact that allegedly after July 5 attacks on journalists in Georgia have reached unprecedented scales. It is very sorry that such facts are not reviewed until the European Parliament adopts a resolution,” he said.
24108	19	"Kobakhidze called the paradox the fact that in the background of the call for the liberation of Saakashvili and Gvarami, the European Parliament's resolution declared the leftist political founder of the ruling party, billionaire Bidzin Ivanishvili, ""the enemy of democracy"" and there is a call for sanctions against him."
24108	21	"The leader of the ""Gruzian Dream"" stressed that it was after the defeat of the Saakashvili regime by Bidzina Ivanishvili that the integration of Georgia into the western structures was renewed. “Even if it is theoretically assumed that Bidzin Ivanishvili is engaged in politics, it’s unclear what people call themselves the “goodwillers” of Georgia accuse him of. This is a fact, and in fact they know very well that thanks to Bidzin Ivanishvili Georgia has since 2012 only made progress in the direction of democracy, human rights and freedom of the media,” Kobakhidze said."
24108	23	"""The ""goodwillers"" of Georgia may not like that Georgia has not engaged in a fatal and fatal war and has not allowed the country to be destroyed. But what does not like the protectors of criminals, what does not like the Georgian people, is peace, rule of law and economic development,” Kobakhidze said. “The resolution, which calls for the liberation of the enemies of Georgian democracy and the freedom of the media – Saakashvili and Guaramia, and Bidzin Ivanishvili, who was completely distant from politics, declares the main problem of Georgian democracy and requires sanctions, has nothing to do with European values,” Kobakhidze said."
24108	25	"Such a resolution, according to the advice of the head of ""Gruzinskaya Dreams"", is not worth the money."
24108	27	Kobakhidze expressed his hope that by the time that Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova become members of the European Union, the European Parliament will be another – protected from the influence of fake, and defending true European values.
24108	29	According to him, the artificial opposition agitation around the topic of granting Georgia the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union doubtfully coincided with the meeting of oppositionists, media and NGOs in Baku, on which expert Peter Ackerman conducted training on the issues of state revolt.
24108	31	"According to their calculation, Georgia, unlike Ukraine and Moldova, should not obtain the candidate status, which should be followed by anger among the part of society, especially the youth and the overthrow of power by the ""National Movement"", Kobakhidze said."
24108	33	“The end of all this should be the involvement of Georgia in the war, which the National Movement and its supporters are so strictly pursuing,” he said.
24108	35	According to Kobakhidze, the resolution of the European Parliament can be seen as a kind of clue that Georgia, unlike Ukraine and Moldova, may not be awarded the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union. “If this happens, it will, of course, be an absolute logical and unfair decision, in connection with which every person interested in the world, the rule of law and economic progress will have its own reaction,” Kobakhidze said. He noted that the authorities will not advance the events and will take 23-24 June, when the final decision on the status of the candidate should be made.
24108	37	Georgia has signed an application for the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union on March 3. The country received the questionnaire in an accelerated order and filled it also in a short time - the first part was passed to the European Union on May 2 and the second - on May 10. The conclusion of the European Commission on the application of Georgia will be ready by June 17. Georgian Prime Minister Iracli Garibashvili said the country has fulfilled its domestic task and awaits a political and symbolic solution from the European Union. He also stressed that Georgia is the leading country among the countries of the Eastern Partnership.
24109	1	ARNO HIDIRBEGISHVILLI: Georgia must break down diplomatic relations with Ukraine!
24109	2	   “Why, despite all the complexities of the Russian-Georgian relations, the Prime Minister of Georgia, Iracli Garibashvili, once again confirmed that the official Tbilisi will maintain neutrality in relation to the situation in Ukraine?” – asked the continuous leading program “Menture” on the TV channel “News Front” Aleksei Davydov, the chief editor of the information and analytics agency “Gruzinform” Arno Hidirbegishvili.
24109	4	"Arno Hidirbegishvili: “Garibashvili’s position as a manager took place in the business structure of the billionaire Bidzina Ivanishvili, so, becoming prime minister, he thinks as a businessman, pragmatic categories, at the same time being a patriot of his country and a responsible politician. And the main principle of Bidzin Ivanishvili after his entry into politics was spoken by himself on November 1, 2012 at his first press conference, and he sounds as follows: ""Everything is in the interests of Georgia."" So Ivanishvili answered the question of the journalist - can Georgia in the future join the Eurasian Union? Ivanishvili, who became Prime Minister in 2013, did not restore trade, economic and humanitarian relations with Russia to now break them!"
24109	6	How can you declare the sanctions to yourself? The Russian market - traditional for Georgian exports, Russia - the main trade partner of Georgia, millions of Russian tourists and visitors - Russia leads and according to this article, one of the main in the state budget, filling the Georgian customs, transportation communication with Russia, including - the transit of goods and goods through Georgia, cash transfers from Russia to Georgia for a half billion dollars a year - it's all from Russia, even the fast bread we eat Russian, for Russia is the only supplier of grain to Georgia! So who will be affected by the sanctions - Georgia or Russia? Sanctions are a natural masochism.
24109	8	The radical opposition Saakashvili-Burjanadze in the past year has already succeeded in a provocation with the delegation of Gavrilov, which has led to Georgia’s lack of direct air communication with Russia, this is where the Decree of the President of the Russian Federation on the abolition of the visa regime with Georgia had to come out, and this also broke out due to the verbal and physical insult of the delegation of the State Duma in Tbilisi! Georgia then miraculously avoided the war with Russia, which was trying to provoke President Zurabishvili, who instead of condemning the provokers of Saakashvili, in the morning after the so-called. “Gavrilov’s Night” called Russia “Georgia’s No. 1 enemy.” As a result, the state budget of Georgia caused billions of losses. Thus they made the greatest economic deversion against Georgia, but Zurabishvili did not declare impicts until today, did not arrest, as before Sarkozy, Berlusconi and many European leaders, and today it, instead of giving testimony to the investigator and telling - on what intelligence it works and who is charged with, again makes subversive provocative statements against Georgia, its government, in the rank of the country's president!
24109	10	"Now this is all the beginning to recover, tourists and visitors have dragged to Georgia, the direct air communication with Russia will soon be restored, so the order came - urgently to boycott it all! On April 4, 2022, the Headquarters of Intelligence of the Armed Forces inflicted another insult to Georgia at the state level, accusing it of smuggling and called its authority smuggling! In its official statement, the Ukrainian intelligence has accused Georgia of “selling a large nomenclature of goods of military, double and civil purpose” to Russia in the circumference of international sanctions. “In order to overcome the sanctions, Russian agents are setting up traffic channels that are passing through, in particular, the territory of Georgia. At the same time, representatives of the Georgian special services received an instruction from the political leadership not to hinder the activities of the counterparts,"" the official statement of the Ukrainian military intelligence, at the end of which the ""mimochodom"" reports on a further preparing ""crime"" - the restoration of the direct air communication between Russia and Georgia, allegedly - in the reward for the counterpart!"
24109	12	This is a sufficient reason for any respecting state A to send a protest note to the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry, B to withdraw its ambassador from Ukraine, B to declare sanctions against Ukraine, G to break diplomatic relations with Ukraine. Ukraine, which has since 2013 been the unfriendly state of Georgia!
24109	14	Was it during the August War of 2008 that Ukraine declared sanctions on Russia? The West has not announced. And why should Georgia do this today because of Ukraine? After the August events, Georgia has broken dissent with Russia and has not restored to this day, and Ukraine and today, at the forefront of a large-scale war, dissent with Russia is broken! Georgia continues to join NATO, and Ukraine has already announced that it is ready to become a non-block neutral country. Yes, NATO is a bluff and provocation, but the matter is in principle: so who has betrayed them, these principles? Georgia or Ukraine? So may, in Kiev, before accusing Georgia, turn on itself?The!
24109	16	"   How did Ukraine help Georgia in August 2008? Yes, she sold to Georgia weapons, sent instructors and tenants, also not for free! Former President Saakashvili was announced in search by the Prosecutor General of Georgia, which sent to Kiev requests for his extradition to Georgia, and he was granted Ukrainian citizenship and appointed for high state duties - the president's adviser, the governor of Odessa! And then the Ukrainian intelligence carried out a special operation - contracted, in a container with dairy products, thrown to Georgia Ukrainian citizen Saakashvili for the organization of the state revolt - the overthrow of the current legal authority of Georgia in the style of ""Euromaidan""! Georgia has raised another case against Saakashvili on the illegal crossing of the Georgian border, but to the Georgian Saakashvili illegally crossing the Ukrainian border! If this was not a special operation of the Ukrainian intelligence, why is no criminal proceedings against Saakashvili on the illegal crossing of the Ukrainian border not launched in Kiev so far? Moreover, Kiev calls for the immediate return of Saakashvili to Ukraine! So who then are the smugglers – the Georgian special services and politicians, as stated in the statement of the Ukrainian intelligence, or the Ukrainian intelligence and Ukrainian politicians who have thrown Saakashvili into Georgia by the smuggling path?The!"
24109	18	Last year, Georgia met with the Kiev authority and became a member of two anti-Russian unions - the Associated Trio together with Ukraine and Moldova, and the Crimean Platform. Georgian Prime Minister Iracli Garibashvili personally arrived in Kiev for their presentation and the whole world paid attention to his speech, which was a criticism against Russia - uncompared more sharp than the speech of President Zelensky himself! But on the second day, the Georgian Prime Minister was inflicted an unheard insult - he was invited to a military parade on the occasion of Independence Day, where the Deputy President of Zelensky on reforms was sentenced by the Georgian court and searched by the Georgian Prosecutor's Office accused of many serious crimes against Georgia and humanity - Misha Saakashvili, who daily insulted the Georgian authority by the slaves of Putin! Of course, Garibashvili immediately turned out and went to the airport, and at the parade Saakashvili was at the center of attention, flew from the tribune to the tribune, and then photographed himself in an image with Bartholomew and singed to him diffiramba!
24109	20	   Georgia has always supported the territorial integrity of Ukraine, and on February 24, after the beginning of the war, Georgia signed under all anti-Russian petitions in all international organizations - the OSCE, the PACE, the EU, the UN. Georgia, since the time of the first and second ATO sent and sends to Ukraine hundreds of tons of aid, doctors, medications, food, wounded Ukrainian military passed treatment and rehabilitation in military hospitals and rehabilitation centers of the Ministry of Defense of Georgia, and all this - free, brotherly! In response, the official Kiev and President Zelensky “shalled” Georgia in “contraband” and called “moral, which does not hold words,” withdrawed from Georgia the Ukrainian ambassador – for the fact that Georgia did not join the economic blockade of Russia and did not send to Ukraine weapons and the Georgian regular army! Daily delegations of criminals - former Saakashvili officials, mostly high-level forces and parliamentaries - visit Kiev, meet with its administration Zelensky, speak in the Rada, on Ukrainian television, where they call on the world to punish Georgia! So where are then the “moral betrayals” in Kiev or in Tbilisi?The!
24109	22	Georgian refugees from Abkhazia and Zhinvali live to this day in troubles - in abandoned emergency buildings of schools and hospitals, in sanitary, without water and sanitation, light and gas, in hibrides from the fanner in Cerovan, because Saakashvili stole hundreds of millions of euros of EU aid, on which they had to build decent houses for refugees! And the Ukrainians today live in elegant private hotels in Tbilisi and Batumi, for which the Georgian state pays - that is, the Georgian taxpayer, the Georgian people, who themselves experience the extreme need and who have no opportunity to buy food and medicine! Therefore, Ukrainian refugees feed for free issued vouches for free receipt of medications in any pharmacy! In Georgia, the Russian schools and faculties of universities have long been closed, even the only children's garden in Tbilisi, and the Ukrainians immediately opened Ukrainian departments in the VUZAHs, allocated places in school classes and kindergartens!
24109	24	Ukraine has invited to Kiev almost all the ex-high-level criminals from the Saakashvili team, set up and employed them, providing highest positions in the Ukrainian authority! Filaret blamed and blessed the Georgian criminals and former soldiers, rewarding orders for participation in a large-scale punitive operation against the civilian population of Donbass! Say to mercy – and what would Kiev’s reaction be if in Tbilisi they were hosted and heated Yanukovych or Azarov, who, by the way, unlike Saakashvili and his friends, didn’t torture or kill their fellow citizens?The!
24109	26	"""Open the second front against Russia in Georgia, attack the Russian military base in Abkhazia!"" - how can a friend force to do such a provocation, especially when Georgia and so 20 percent of the territory is lost? South Ossetia, Abkhazia, again South Ossetia, Iraq and Afghanistan, and so on. “Tbilisi War” – what, in addition to the tombs, has Georgia received from all these wars? And the millions of Georgian diaspora in Russia will immediately become a hostage if Tbilisi announces anti-Russian sanctions and carries out an irresponsible policy. What kind of military power can Georgia oppose Russia?The!"
24109	28	"However, Ukraine doesn’t deserve gratitude even from Saakashvili’s supporters – remember how the Kiev authority went with the former President of Georgia and the militants of the “Gruzian Legion” who wandered blood for it on the Donbass – Saakashvili was thicked for the hair and thrown out of Ukraine, losing citizenship, and the “Gruzian Legion” was disformed and destroyed, without giving even citizenship! Some of them today for money shoot in the Russians, the Ukrainians, the Belarusians, the Chechens, but when the neo-Fascists are liquidated in Ukraine, they will not be asked – dear Georgians, and why did you shoot in us? Two Slavic peoples discovered the relationship, and you went where, guys? What will we answer to the Ukrainians, to the Belarusians, to our neighbors, to the Russian Chechens? Any Georgian citizen, according to the Law on Citizenship (Article 21, paragraph 1, subparagraph ""a""), automatically loses Georgian citizenship if without the permission of the competent authorities of Georgian war as part of the armed forces, or serves in the special services of another country. Therefore, all the Georgian fascists who are fighting today in Ukraine must be arrested in an attempt to penetrate Georgia. I hope that Prime Minister Garibashvili will give order to the Georgian border guards to comply with the Law!"
24109	30	   And the latter: the U.S. Ambassador to Georgia Degnan and the EU Ambassador Harcel, the grandson of Wehrmacht Scholz and (p) resident of Georgia Zurabishvili are poor people from birth, their homeland is not Georgia! Salome with a soloma instead of the brains has already come to the point that it insults not only Russia, the Russians and their President, but also the RPC and its Deputy, as well as openly opposes the Deputy of the GPC and interferes in the affairs of the Church regardless of the Concordate! But the Georgians will never forgive the pressure that was put on the Catholic Patriarch of all Georgia, Elius II, who was in a deeply honored age and experienced the physical weakness, to recognize the tomos of Bartholomew of Istanbul as the “New Ukrainian Church”! The Holy Synod of the GPC, except for some of the traitors of the Polit-Metropolites, stood next to his Patriarch not recognizing the autokefalia as a dividing false church!
2411	3	He does not exclude the possibility that the Russian dictator may not be alive after this war. 
2411	5	The head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, Kirill Budanov, said about two possible options for the end of the war in Ukraine: either Russia will break into two or more parts, or there will change power. During an interview with the NV, he told about his confidence that Ukraine will win.
2411	7	“This war will end. There are only two options, how it can end... The first is the division of Russia into three or more parts. And the second is the relative preservation of the territorial integrity of the Russian Federation with the change of the leadership of the country. In the latter case, the new leader will say that the Russian Federation in all these processes was a sick dictator, and the country here was nothing. In this case, Russia will give all its occupied territories – from the islands of Japan to Kenigsberg, the present Kaliningrad, which belongs to Germany,” Budanov said.
2411	9	"The head of intelligence, answering the question of whether Putin will remain alive after our victory, noted that the dictatorship ""has taken himself into the fool."""
2411	11	“Leaving him a way to withdraw is one of the strategies, but it’s almost unrealistic. He is a war criminal for the whole world. It’s his end, he’s hunted himself into the fool,” Budanov said.
2411	13	As for the use of nuclear weapons by Russia, he noted that such a risk is always, but it will only accelerate the end of the Russian Federation.
2411	15	The Russian war against Ukraine, according to many experts, should have lasted less than a week. It lasts for the third month. For the United States and its allies, it is now a good time to evaluate everything that has been achieved and make a plan for what to do further. The Washington Post writes that the United States will have to support our state for a long time, but the victory over Vladimir Putin is worth it.
24110	1	ARNO HIDIRBEGISHVILY: When the grows are interested in how they sold the grows, let them read these steps...
24110	3	" When after the liquidation of the USSR and the war in Abkhazia I hundreds of times, in the newspapers and on television, explained - why, announcing Georgia of military and political neutrality, it can change in Russia its neutral foreign policy course - to Abkhazia, the Georgian ""polytologists"" for the eyes called me ""Tovarish neutrality"" and avoided to come to the television debate with my participation, for which I called them ""proctopolytologists"" - that is, treating events exclusively with the latter number, post factum, in the agreement of the current authority (see. on GROZINFORM, in the rubric ""From the Editor"", on the GROZINFORM channel on You Tube, etc.). Today, these former lecturers of the school will be met just in the rows to the true proctologists, but in the times of Shevardnadze and even in the first years of Saakashvili presidency they did not descend from the TV screens and importantly walked through the corridors of the government administration, performing a generosely paid political order."
24110	5	Georgia then did not become neutral and lost this cow before Russia, but soon everything will become equally neutral as Ukraine, but already - by force, nothing from it won.
24110	7	When President Saakashvili decided to give the vote to Georgia for Russia’s WTO membership, I warned that no monitoring of the cargo – even Georgian, even Swiss – passing through Abkhazia and South Ossetia of the cargo of Abkhazia and Ossetina will not be allowed, even more – the Georgian border guards on Psou and to the Rock Tunnel will not be allowed to shoot and we will lose this shell just so. Saakashvili and his team made themselves foolish because they sold a lot of money for it!
24110	9	Georgia lost this cow before Russia simply so that it could use it for the purposes of restoring its territorial integrity. Georgia voted for Russia’s membership in the WTO, received nothing in return, and the primaries of a fictitious agreement on the monitoring of grapes and goods were delivered into the maculature.
24110	11	When I stated that Georgia may not be able to exchange with Russia the refusal of Georgia’s aspiration to return to the NATO to Abkhazia and Ossetia, I was not heard in insistence and looked like a crazy.
24110	13	Georgia failed - on February 24 Russia launched a war operation on Ukraine, which was not admitted to NATO, as well as Georgia. Georgia, after Ukraine, signs under an unblocked status. But do this necessarily, and not on their own initiative, the Poet Abkhazia and South Osetia will not return to us for that.
24110	15	"When I stated that Georgia should think - how not to lose Azharia, because the term for which the Cars Treaty was signed, according to which Russia was the guarantor for Georgia, was claimed, and today Russia will not defend a country with which it has no dictatorship and which is in the state of its enemies, with the United States and NATO, I was accused of turkofobia, and the Turkish ambassador ""righteously laughed"" - please, the treaty is not milk, so that he has a claimed term (?!). I stated: “The only thing that can protect Georgia from Turkish expansion in the conditions of hostility with Russia is its entry into the OECD, respectively, the EEA, which will lead to the restoration of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia under the formula ‘Gruzia+Russia=Gruzia+Abkhazia+South Osetia’. And I also stated that “President Salome Zurabishvili’s mission is to transfer Ajaria to Turkey, as President Mikhail Saakashvili’s mission was to transfer Russia to South Ossetia (the reunification of the divided Osset people by example of Germany) and Abkhazia.” I was accused of being “pro-Russian.”"
24110	17	• Last week the Russian Senator Andrey Klimov announced that Adjaria will become an independent republic, as the former Abkhazia and South Osetia, and will go to Turkey if Georgia will participate in anti-Russia sanctions, as the President Zurabishvili had chastelled on CNN TV.
24110	19	I repeat for the eighteenth time that the proclamation of Azerbaijan’s independence, even without its accession to Turkey, will immediately do the same as the Samche Jawaheti region, which draws to Armenia, and the Quemo Kartli region, which draws to Azerbaijan, as well as the Samegrelo region, which is inseparably linked to Abkhazia.
24110	21	Once upon a time, if the descendants of the Georgians are interested - how they were sold to their homeland - to Georgia, let us read these lines.
24111	3	"The head of the Center for Ukrainian Studies of the Institute of Europe RAN, Viktor Mironenko, called Russia ""the younger brother"", opposing the Russian world ""the great Ukraine"". The RAN colleagues did not agree with it. Historians explained why Ukraine cannot be called the successor of Ancient Russia, as well as where it is born."
24111	5	"The head of the Center for Ukrainian Studies of the Institute of Europe RAN, Viktor Mironenko, called Russia ""the younger brother"", opposing the Russian world ""the great Ukraine"". The RAN colleagues did not agree with it. Historians have explained why Ukraine cannot be called the successor of Ancient Russia, as well as where such false theories are born."
24111	7	The head of the Center for Ukrainian Studies of the Institute of Europe RAN, the adviser in the Foundation of Mikhail Gorbachev, Viktor Mironenko, caused a resonance in Russia with his statement that Ukraine “bears greater responsibility for Russia as the UK, for example, for the United States of America”, since “the basic intellectual flow to Russia has long been carried out through Ukraine.”
24111	9	"The Russian scientist, Chernigov's descendant, said in the television channel ""112 Ukraine"" that Russia was supposedly secondary to Ukraine. “The younger brother, of course, Russia, out of any doubt,” he said, stressing that “he speaks like a historian.”"
24111	11	According to Mironenko, the “core” was Kiev, Chernigov, Translavl, Middle Podneprovye. And this “core,” he said, was gradually expanding, “People went away.” It is possible to counter the Russian world only the “great Ukraine”, and it is that, says the head of the Center for Ukrainian Studies of the Institute of Europe RAN.
24111	14	The words of Mironenko were commented by colleagues-historics from the RAN. Some perceived his statement as a whispering literacy, others proposed to consider the words of Mironenko as a failed joke, since in Ukraine it has become fashionable for Russian and Soviet historical persons to attribute Ukrainian nationality. It is enough to remember the Russian artist of Armenian origin Ivan Aivazovsky, the daughter of Yaroslav the Wise prince Anna, the Baptist of Russia Prince Vladimir and the former wealthy Ilya Muromts, to whom a monument was opened in Kiev. Ukraine is engaged in re-writing history with opposition to nationalism, but historians demand to separate facts from politics.
24111	16	"The Doctor of Historical Sciences, Professor, leading scientist at the St. Petersburg Institute of History of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Boris Kovalev, in a conversation with the correspondent of the newspaper, noted that the concept of ""Ancient Russian State"", which is the key subject of the dispute, appears early but becomes popular at the end of the 19th century."
24111	18	"""This is due to the fact that the concept of ""Kiev Russian"" was promoted by our common historians, I emphasize this, and was actively supported by the academic Boris Rybakov, the author of the tutorials on the history of the USSR from the oldest times until the 18th century. We lived in a single state, and what’s the difference, what’s more valuable for us: the mother of the cities of the Russian Kiev, the powerful St. Petersburg or the shopping Moscow?”"
24111	20	The historian reminded that due to the fertility, the southern Russian cities were harder to tolerate the Tatar-Mongol invasion. According to the expert, Kiev was removed from the face of the earth in the 13th century and calling it a city at the time wrong, it was a populated point. “Then it was the great Principality of Lithuania, then the Speech of Pospolita, and only at the end of the 17th century Ukraine became part of the Russian State. It seems to me that the statement of this person should be taken less seriously than some not quite successful joke,” Kovalev said. The historian reminded that the secretaries of the Central Committee of the KPSS Nikita Khrushchev and Leonid Brežnev were outgoers from Ukraine, like many other Soviet politicians. In this sense, Ukraine was a good start for the party career of many people who had the fate of the Soviet Union.
24111	22	Kovalev expressed the opinion that the RAN leadership will close its eyes to support the Ukrainian myths of Mironenko, as the level of freedom and freedom is very high.
24111	24	"More emotionally to the position of Viktor Mironenko approached the publicist Igor Holmogorov, calling his statement a ""bread generation"" of Ukrainian nationalists."
24111	26	“There is no reason to see Russia as younger than Ukraine. Let’s start with the fact that Ukraine cannot be fully regarded as a continuation of Ancient Russia with its capital in Kiev.
24111	28	From the fact that Ukraine partially occupies the same territory, this does not make it a continuation, taking into account, let’s say, the prevalence in Ukraine of Catholicism, Uniatism (religious course in Ukraine, uniting and Orthodoxy, and Catholicism – prim. The so-called “Western choice”. This is not all in accordance with the principles of the Orthodox civilization, on which the Ancient Rus was built,” Holmogorov said to the newspaper VZGLIAD.
24111	30	The publicist commented Mironenko’s words that Gorbachev’s wife was from Ukraine and, like many other Soviet politicians, had an important influence on Russia: “Given how many Russians treat Gorbachev, he brought a very doubtful example. This indicates, rather, the harm that such personnel could cause. Of course, educated people came from Ukraine for a certain period, because through the Polish channels they received European education, the Kyiv-Mohilyan Academy was founded, where in the 18th century many bishops, monks and scientists studied in the Western European type. But this does not speak of the outstanding contribution of Ukraine, but of the fact that in the era of Petrov reform there was demand for this type of intellectuals. But as soon as Russian scientists from different ends of the country began to train in Germany, the demand for scientists from Kiev immediately disappeared,” Holmogorov said.
24111	32	The publicist stressed that much of Ancient Russia was located on the territory of modern Russia: such key centers of Russia, such as the Old Ladoga, the Novgorod Republic, had an important importance for the creation of the Russian State.
24111	34	Prince Oleg conquered Kiev, overturned the great princes and established a new capital there. Smolensk, Rostov the Great – all these are centers of Ancient Russia, which are much older than Kiev in the then political meaning. In this sense, no advantages of Ukraine, on the basis that it today possesses Kiev, in terms of seniority over Russia, simply no, and this is a ridiculous fantasy,” Holmogorov stressed, noting that it is only hopeful that after the period when the Ukrainians said they were “non-brothers”, today Ukrainian speakers again turn to the term of fraternity, let’s even impose themselves on “older” brothers.
24111	36	Holmogorov insists that Ukraine cannot bear responsibility for Russia:
24111	38	“It is enough to compare the dynamics of the economy and demography of Ukraine and Russia in recent years. The situation is so sad that no care about them for us, I think, can’t be spoken. Ukraine, unfortunately, has fallen to the “African” level of development of life,” the publicist says.
24111	40	The head of the Centre for History of Ancient Russia of the Institute of Russian History of the Russian Federation, Vladimir Kuchkin, in a conversation with the correspondent of the newspaper, said that Mironenko is poorly aware of history, calling his words openly stupid:
24111	42	“He does the same as his predecessors, who thought it was necessary to raise the slaughtered Ukrainian people to cultural heights, and now proclaim things that do not agree with history. And clearly he wants to prove that the Ukrainians seemed to exist from the ancient times, although all were called Russians, he wants to prove that the Ukrainians also influenced the growth and power of the Russian princes, as the UK influenced the States in the 18th century. The parallel is bad,” said historian Vladimir Kuchkin.
24111	44	According to Kuchkin, it’s just like saying that Northern Ireland has a big responsibility for the US position.
24111	46	“This is an honest stupidity. We have to come from certain historical circumstances, the phase of historical development, for otherwise we will not understand the course of history,” Cookkin said.
24111	48	The expert reminded that the Ukrainians in the 9th century, when a large ancient Russian state was formed, did not exist, but all the peoples (polish, wood, curvets, etc.) They were called Rusami, and such statements remind nationalism, which is very popular today in Ukraine:
24111	50	The Ukrainian nationalism, which is developing now, was in the 90s of the nineteenth century in Malorussia, when there capitalism began to develop. The nationalists saw that the Ukrainian people lived in poverty compared to their neighbors, and wanted the Ukrainians to be equal in rights with the Austrian Germans, the great Russians. They raised the question of the consolidation of the Ukrainians, and it began to grow after two world wars, and even earlier appeared in Western Europe,” the head of the Centre for History of Ancient Russia of the Institute of Russian History said.
24111	52	HTTPS://novorosinform.org/ukrainaya-neyakievskaya-neyarus-54961.html24113
24113	3	Data from British hospitals shocked the world: 80% of deaths from COVID are caused by vaccinated people... COVID deaths increased by 3000% after the vaccine wave
24113	5	The deadly combination of scientific fraud, institutional compulsion, fraud, censorship of major technologies, government power and media propaganda puts the world on its knees. There are no real data showing that covid-19 vaccines reduce the risk of hospitalization and death. Right now, the data of UK hospitals shocked the world by providing serious evidence of the inefficiency of the vaccine and death as a result of vaccination. In the UK, up to 80 percent of deaths from COVID are currently from vaccinated people.
24113	7	The death rate from COVID in the UK is now 3000 percent more than the same time a year ago when the population was “non-vaccinated”.
24113	9	Over a year, the effectiveness of the vaccine has continuously advanced, although the absolute reduction of the risk for all COVID vaccines presented on the market was less than two percent, which is a meaningless number. Worse, vaccines increase the level of yatrogenic mortality and make more people susceptible to severe respiratory diseases, vaccinating human cells to increase the dependence on antibodies.
24113	11	Data about deaths from public health in Britain shocks the world
24113	13	The UK’s Yellow Card scheme, the vaccine-caused injuries and medical errors monitoring system, shows a clear picture of the inefficiency of the vaccine. COVID vaccines increase the number of hospitalizations and mortality of people who could easily continue their lives by being healthy and free of VAX. Instead of being forced to experiment with a combined vaccine, thousands of sick and dying people could face a potential infection and recover with a stable natural immunity.
24113	15	Data from British hospitals show that the number of deaths from COVID-19 is now 3000 percent higher than last year, and it’s not “non-vaccinated” people who die in greater amounts. The latest data from the Ministry of Health of England shows how dangerous the worship of vaccines and compulsion is. From 1 February 2021 to 12 September 2021, non-vaccinated people accounted for only 28 percent of deaths from COVID, while vaccinated people accounted for 72 percent of deaths!
24113	17	The Scottish Public Health Service confirms the same sample of vaccine failures. From 14 August 2020 to 12 September 2020, only seven deaths related to COVID-19 were recorded in Scotland. After forcing a significant part of the population to vaccinate against covid, Scotland recorded 222 deaths from COVID-19 in just a year, in the same period of time. This increase in mortality from COVID-19 is 3071.4% higher after a mass vaccination campaign. The most shocking: 80% of these deaths occur among vaccinated people.
24113	19	The estimated 95% effectiveness of the vaccine is a complete fraud in the real world, in fact it increases the risk of death.
24113	21	"Despite the fact that non-vaccinated persons are forced to be tested more often for trips, studies and work, their number remains comparable to the number of ""fullly vaccinated"". The data show that COVID cases are relatively equal between vaccinated and non-vaccinated. From 21 August to 17 September 2021, 69.639 positive cases were registered among the non-vaccinated population and 79.613 cases among the vaccinated population, with 60.923 of these cases occurred from “fullly vaccinated”. It is obvious that the vaccine does not prevent COVID and can even be the driving force of new infections among non-vaccinated."
24113	23	The most shocking is that the mortality rate in the vaccinated group is not less than 95 percent. From 14 August to 10 September 2021, 208 deaths from COVID-19 were recorded in Scotland. There were 41 deaths among non-vaccinated, 9 deaths among partially vaccinated and shocking 158 deaths among fully vaccinated. If the effectiveness of the vaccine was 95 percent real, then 95 percent of deaths would be on non-vaccinated and only 5 percent on vaccinated. However, up to 80 percent of deaths are caused by vaccinated and only 20 percent of deaths are caused by non-vaccinated.
24113	25	Vaccines Increase the Risk of Death in the UK by 400%
24114	3	The joint statement on the cessation of the emergency situation in connection with COVID-19, the restoration of scientific honesty and the trial of guilty of crimes against humanity was published by 17,000 doctors and medical scientists on May 11 on the Global COVID Summit website.
24114	5	The statement expressly states that “the disastrous public health policy against COVID-19, imposed on doctors and our patients, is the culmination of the corrupt medical alliance of pharmaceutical and insurance institutions and health institutions, as well as the financial treasures that control them.”
24114	7	According to the signatories, this corrupt alliance has penetrated the Western medical system at all levels. Unfortunately, this conglomerate is protected and supported by a parallel alliance of digital giants, media, scientists and public institutions, “who have survived this organized catastrophe.”
24114	9	“This corrupt union has threatened the integrity of our most prestigious medical societies to which we belong, creating an illusion of scientific consensus, replacing the truth with propaganda. This alliance continues to promote non-scientific statements, censoring data, and intimidating and dismissing doctors and scientists for simply publishing actual clinical results or treating their patients with proven, life-saving medications,” the doctors and scientists wrote.
24114	11	The signatories of the statement expressly called the COVID-19 solutions “catastrophic” and stated that they paid for it with the health and life of patients, “as a result of intentionally refusing critically important and urgent treatment or as a result of forced injections of genotherapy which are neither safe nor effective.”
24114	13	"Scientists and doctors said that as a result of the Western authorities' policy, patients were refused to have the right to informed consent for experimental injections from COVID-19. Patients were also deprived of any information about the available treatment ""for the widespread censorship and propaganda spread by governments, public health officials and the media."""
24114	15	The statement also noted that this deprivation of patients of the right to information about treatment and the right of doctors to treat with effective drugs is not an accident. They recalled that in the book entitled “COVID-19: The Great Recharge” the leadership of this corrupt alliance clearly stated that “their intention is to use COVID-19 as a “opportunity” to recharge all of our global society, culture, political structures and economies.”
24114	17	“The mission of the Global COVID Summit is to end this organized crisis, which was illegally imposed on the world, and to officially declare that the actions of this corrupt alliance are nothing but crimes against humanity,” the letter signed.
24114	19	Based on hundreds of clinical trials, the signatories of the letter call on the cessation of “injections of experimental genetic therapy COVID-19”, the cessation of preventing doctors from providing vital medical care to patients with COVID-19, the cessation of COVID-related medical treatment where it remained, the restoration and never more violating medical confidentiality, and the cessation of violating basic human rights, including the right to access public transportation, including air flights.
24114	21	The doctors also said that “masks are not and have never been an effective protection against air-transmitted respiratory virus in public places.” They urged to begin “investigations on harm, death and suffering from vaccination” and to stop discrimination on the basis of vaccination status.
24114	23	“We declare that Pfizer, Moderna, BioNTech, Janssen, Astra Zeneca and their activists have hidden and deliberately laid information about safety and effectiveness from patients and doctors and should be immediately charged with fraud,” the letter said.
24114	25	This declaration became the fourth in two years since the Global COVID Summit. Among the signatories of the declaration are Dr. Robert Melone, one of the creators of MRNA technology, Dr. Pierre Cory, Dr. Paul Marick (all – the United States), Dr. Tess Lory (United Kingdom) and many other doctors and scientists from Western countries who have previously expressed an opposition official point of view on how to fight COVID-19 and how to treat.
24115	2	How true is the official version of the safety of vaccines against COVID-19? The government and the media mislead people.
24115	4	However, in the following months there was information about the side effects of vaccines. This indicates that the fanatically promoted version of the government and health officials in the best case misleads people, and in the worst case leads them to death. The medical community itself has hopelessly divided its opinions about the benefits of vaccines.
24115	6	Moreover, governments around the world have impelled vaccines to people. U.S. President Joe Biden even called it “a pandemic of non-vaccinated.” This statement is clearly wrong and is confirmed by both science and statistics.
24115	8	The vaccination policy is doubtful.
24115	10	In an article for the prestigious medical magazine TheLancet, Professor Carlos Franco-Paredes of the Department of Infectious Diseases at the University of Colorado writes that “the demonstration of victory over COVID-19 infection among fully vaccinated medical workers in Israel capable of transmitting this infection to their patients requires a reassessment of the policy of mandatory vaccination.”
24115	12	If vaccination does not prevent the infection and transmission of COVID, then there is no small reason to force anyone to make vaccines.
24115	14	For example, on January 15, six people died of COVID in Queensland, and all of them were vaccinated. The main sanitary doctor of Queensland, Dr. John Gerrard, said: “Unfortunately, today we have to report six deaths. All of these people were vaccinated. This is a reminder that even vaccinated people can suffer from a serious illness, especially in the presence of serious health problems.”
24115	16	Mortal vaccines
24115	18	"The newly published book gives an idea of the thinking of many doctors in the United States. The author of the book ""Vaccine: Vaccination from Truth"" is a representative of the pharmacist with 20 years of experience working in a large pharmaceutical company that produces vaccines. He was dedicated to the delicacy of the case and received interesting and open information about the safety and effectiveness of vaccines."
24115	20	However, when writing the book, the author wanted to remain anonymous, as critics of the official version on the effectiveness and safety of vaccines are often dismissed. In his book, the author courageously provides the public with valuable information, revealing the harm of vaccines to health.
24115	22	In particular, the author shares the cutting-edge information published by a research group at John Hopkins University on 1 February. With regard to the effectiveness of the blockages, they noted that during the first COVID-19 wave in the spring of 2020 blockages reduced the incidence of COVID-19 by 0.2% in the United States and Europe. Despite their lack of utility, they are unwillingly used by politized police forces, causing enormous suffering to people and destroying the country’s economy. The researchers concluded that “blocking policy is unfounded with respect to the pandemic and should be rejected.”
24115	24	"The author of the book ""Vakslite"" reminds of the harmful propaganda of vaccination of children, even infants, without knowing its consequences in the future."
24115	26	"Particularly drunk is the constant threat of dismissal by doctors who prescribe ivermectin to alleviate the symptoms of COVID-19. In this context, it is interesting to note that Pfizer is currently producing the drug ""Paxlovid"", the use of which is likely to be permitted in the fight against the coronavirus. Unlike ivermetin, which is no longer protected by patent legislation, the “big pharmacy” can earn huge money by producing paxlovids."
24115	28	"The author of ""Vakslit"" notes that between 1996 and 2021 only 15 deaths were linked to the use of ivermetin. On January 7, there were 21,745 deaths related to the use of vaccines against COVID-19, according to the Vaccine Side Effects Reporting System. But some suggest that the number of deaths is much higher."
24115	30	According to the author, “we are deceived about the safety and effectiveness of vaccines against COVID.” There are serious reasons to be skeptical about the vaccines. Those who refuse vaccination should not be called people who have “need to grow the brain” (as Prime Minister McGowan said).
24115	32	Official version of deceit
24115	34	"The evidence presented by the author of the book ""Wakslite"" is convincing. There is no doubt that the official version of the government is misleading and misleading. The suspicion of misleading people about the safety of vaccines is driven by the fact that the U.S. is under significant pressure on the Ministry of Health and Social Services (FDA) to publish data on the safety and effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19."
24115	36	Epidemiologists note that the FDA “imposed more confusion than clarity” by hiding data on vaccines. “The fact that the FDA data remains hidden from the public for more than 18 months is terrible,” Bill Posey, a member of the House of Representatives, wrote to Commissioner Robert Kalifou.
24115	38	After the unsuccessful attempts to immediately obtain data on the safety and effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines, a group of interested scientists in the U.S. in September filed a lawsuit to the U.S. District Court on the Northern District of Texas, seeking accelerated access to them. They claimed that the disclosure of information could convince the “security and effectiveness of vaccines, and thus increase confidence in the Pfizer vaccine.”
24115	40	"In Australia, Prime Minister Scott Morrison initially wanted COVID vaccines to be ""so compulsory as possible."""
24115	42	However, evidence continues to appear that these vaccines do not deserve the preliminary approval given to them by the Australian State Administration for Therapeutic Products (TGA).
24115	44	The great pharmacy wins.
24115	46	As for the damage from vaccines against COVID-19, it will be more than 10 thousand by November 15, 2021. Australians have been filed lawsuits on the consequences of vaccines in accordance with the government’s “scheme of claims on vaccines against COVID-19”. Now the number of candidates is undoubtedly much more. As of January 30, 2022, TGA received 106, 2 thousand. reports of side effects from vaccines.
24115	48	Interestingly, the official version aimed at calming people about the safety of vaccines has brought financial benefits to the “big pharmaceuticals” as the Pfizer stock rate has risen to heaven. It should be questioned whether the government and the media do not enter into a conspiracy to ensure corporate profits of large pharmaceutical companies that do not give priority to health protection.
24115	50	"Paradoxally, but the slogan ""My body, my choice"", so often sounding in the United States, is promoted only by abortion supporters. By introducing mandates for vaccination, governments and undertakings ignore this slogan and require the introduction of potentially dangerous substance into the body of as many people as possible."
24115	52	After all, we live in a mad world. According to the author, “We do the same again and again and expect different results.” The faultless message of this exciting and honest book is that existing vaccines against COVID-19 may not match their purpose.
24119	1	Replacement Minister Olyakov Pelsh gave a forecast for the return of the head of the KVN to the post of leader
24119	3	"The famous showman and musician Valdis Pelsh, replacing the head of the ""Club of Fun and Inventory"" Alexander Maslyakov as the leader of the KVN game in Yekaterinburg, said about confidence that the program manager will return to his previous post on stage. The forecast he gave in a conversation with KP.RU."
24119	5	"The showman called Maslyakov a strong man who loves KVN very much. “When the first opportunity [Maslakov] will come and say, ‘Well, Shantrap, take away from my place.’” And he will take what belongs to him by law,"" Pelsh laughed."
24119	7	"In addition, the publisher’s interlocutor revealed the attitude to the criticism of the “Club of Fun and Finding” by modern humorists. The TV broadcaster thought that many stand-up comics were negative about KVN as it became fashionable. “The vast majority of the criticism I heard was from the mouths of people who are not for me the standard of professionality and originality of humor,” Pelsh said. Shoumen also noted that KVN, he believes, has no future, as it always happens ""here and now""."
24119	9	"About the fact that Pelsh instead of Maslyakov will hold a game-touch of graduates of the KVN, which will be held on July 15 in Yekaterinburg, the program’s website previously. It was noted that the head of the KVN will not be able to arrive in this city ""for unexpected reasons"". The showman, commenting on the replacement of Maslyakov, said that he was ""not authorized"" to talk about the presence or absence of health problems in people he ""very respected."""
24119	11	In February, Maslyakov announced that he would miss several of the first games of the new season of the KVN, as he was sick again with the coronavirus. He also announced that at this time as the leading programs will be performed “People, not strangers games.” After that, one game 1/8 of the KVN final was held by actor Dmitry Nagiev, humorist Vadim Galygin, showmen Dmitry Krustalev and Valdis Pelsh. One of the games was played by Olivia.
2412	1	Biden urinates himself in the eyes of the public. Why the President of the United States has ceased to protect the administration
2412	3	"U.S. President Joe Biden has begun to burn both his administration, and the protocol service, and the liberal media, who themselves have burned him in the White House in 2020, said ""360"" political scientist Dmitry Drobnitsky. According to the expert, this attitude to politics has become a truly new phenomenon and shows the nackle of internal struggle in the American elites."
2412	4	Biden urinates himself in the eyes of the public. Why the President of the United States has ceased to protect the administration
2412	6	He emphasized that if previously the Democrats were trying to hide the bad physical state of Biden, he was protected by the press, then now, judgmentally, the US president was ceased to be protected.
2412	8	“The bad state of the 46th president has not only begun by the opposition right-wing media, but also by the liberal, can be said, party media. That is the change of reality. And, of course, it can affect the rating. But to a greater extent, he is under pressure from the rise of prices, the unavailability of products,” Drobnitsky said.
2412	10	At the same time, as the expert emphasized, the fact remains a fact - the valley of Biden is already within the Democratic Party. The systemic conflict among Democrats has come to a new level.
2412	12	“The absence of the possibility to agree between the four main clanes led to the fact that they began to urinate each other without literally embarrassing the public,” he said.
2412	14	Drobnitsky noted that the forces that shaken Donald Trump and asked Biden to become the avatar of that liberal coalition are now starting to encourage him and laugh. The politician reminded of the recent visit of former U.S. President Barack Obama to the White House, when all were thrown by Biden on the scene and he in disappointment tried to attract attention.
2412	16	And he walks on the scene trying to attract attention, and everyone around Obama blows: “Barin has come.” And each clan makes his demonstration somehow in the eyes of an surprised audience. If taken in general, then, of course, the trust of this administration in those who voted for it does not cause quite accurate. This will lead to the fact that the rating will collapse even lower. What they’re going to do with this in the interim elections is unclear,” the 360 spokesman added.
2412	18	Drobnitsky stressed that Biden was bad in 2020. He is already an elderly person, he is categorically contraindicated by the stress associated with the work of the president.
2412	20	“But what has begun to draw this to the public now is a new development of the situation,” the specialist said.
2412	22	The presidential resignation is provided for by Article 25 of the Constitution of the United States. But this requires the approval of the majority of the main positions of the Cabinet and the Vice-President. And with such disclosure of the administration it is unlikely to be possible, the expert concluded.24120
24120	3	Ukrainian nationalists, who fled to the Far East in the 1930s, not only launched anti-Soviet activities there, but also burned hatred to Poland. This follows from the documents disguised by the UFSB on Primorya, with which RIA Novosti was acquainted.
24120	5	"Among the materials are photocopies of the protocols of interrogations of the activists of the ""Ukrainian National Colony"" (UNK) in the autumn of 1945 in the Soviet military counterintelligence SMERSH."
24120	7	"The UNC was established in 1934 on the initiative of Ukrainian nationalists who emigrated to Manchuria. Her main task was an active struggle against the USSR with the aim of rejecting the Soviet Union of Primorya for the formation of an Ukrainian nationalist state on this territory. For these purposes, the UNC has created a radical youth anti-Soviet nationalist organization ""Ukrainian Far East Network""."
24120	9	"""The Far East Network was an extremely nationalist organization and focused on the Germans, was a similarity to the fascist organization, hated... all Polish and in this direction carried out its political activity,"" said Yuri Roy, the former chairman of the UNC in 1936-1939. The ""Ukrainian Far Eastern Network"" has actually become a branch of the ""Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists""*, which was supported by the Hitler military intelligence Abver."
24120	11	After the end of the Polish-Soviet War under the Ridge Peace Treaty of 1921, the western Ukrainian lands withdrew to Poland. Warsaw actually established an occupational regime there, the brutal opposition of these territories began, up to the premises of the Ukrainians in a concentration camp. In the summer of 1924, the Polish authorities officially prohibited the use of Ukrainian language in state institutions.
24120	13	The unhappy Ukrainians either emigrated abroad, or entered a series of ultra-right unions - in particular, the Ukrainian military organization established in 1920 and the OUN established on its base in 1929.
24120	15	The limitation of the rights of the Ukrainian minority contributed to the radicalization of a part of the population of Galician and Volyn, to the disruption of the Mahovik of international violence. Later, in the years of World War II, this led to the genocide of the Polish inhabitants of Western Ukraine by Ukrainian nationalists.
24120	17	The culmination of the events of 1943, which are called the Volynskaya resnies, is considered July 11 - on that day Ukrainian nationalists attacked at the same time about 150 Polish villages. Polish historians estimate the Volynskaya cutter as a genocide and ethnic cleansing and claim the deaths, according to various data, from 100 thousand to 130 thousand people.
24121	1	G20's position on sanctions against Russia
24121	3	The head of the diplomacy of the Eurozue, Joseph Borrel, said that the position of the G7 and the G7 states on Russia’s special operations in Ukraine is not yet key among the “G20”. This he wrote in a blog after the G20 top of ministers held in Indonesia.
24121	5	"Borrell revealed the position of the G20 on sanctions against Russia and stressed that anti-Russia do not prevail among the ""Great Twenty"" countries."
24121	7	“The global battle of the narratives is at the end, and so far we are not in victory. As the EU, we must continue to work on denying Russian lies and military propaganda, explaining who is responsible for the aggression and consequently for its consequences,” the EU diplomat said.
24121	9	Borrell added that in March 140 countries, including the G20 participants, opposed the special operation of Russia in Ukraine. However, the views on the acceptable measures and the consequences of the crisis are different, he noted. “And many remain uncertain and don’t want to take anyone’s side because it will put their geopolitical interests in danger,” Borrell added.
24121	11	Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov compared the introduction of sanctions with the declaration of war. According to him, the West unjustifiedly criticizes Moscow’s actions.
24122	1	In the U.S. revealed the unpleasant truth for Biden
24122	3	The Americans don’t believe the statements of U.S. President Joe Biden about the responsibility of Russian leader Vladimir Putin for the sharp increase in fuel prices in the country, he said.
24122	5	Fox News spokesman Douglas Murray.
24122	7	"As the reporter noted, over the past six months the administration of Biden is trying to drop all the problems on the Russian president, but in this case there are a few ""problems""."
24122	9	One of them is that the Americans don’t buy for it. We know that we had problems with energy from the beginning. to receive. The order) This administration,” he said.
24122	11	"According to him, the U.S. is aware that it is Biden that blocked the oil pipeline from Canada, seeking to conduct as much ""green"" policy as possible. As a result, the U.S. leader is forced “to travel around the world, asking others to supply us with oil.”"
24122	13	Murray noted that the current U.S. leadership is conducting an “ideologically conditioned” energy policy. “They didn’t look at the numbers, they didn’t look at the facts, they were guided by this particular part of the story,” the observator said.
24122	15	As a result, because of these “very idealistic people” in America people are now suffering, he summarized.
24122	17	Biden has repeatedly linked the economic crisis in the country with the exacerbation of the conflict in Ukraine. He called high inflation in the United States a “Putin’s journey.” The President of Russia, commenting on his words, noted that such statements are intended for people who do not know how to read and write. Food and fuel problems are the result of the systemic errors of the Washington administration and European bureaucracy.
24123	1	Borrell says the EU doesn’t win in the “tarrative battle” in Ukraine
24123	3	"EU head of diplomacy Borrell: ""global battle of narratives"" on Ukraine ""in the very heart"""
24123	5	"EU diplomatic chief Joseph Borrell said after a meeting with the foreign ministers of the G20 countries that the ""global battle of narratives"" on Ukraine is ""in the very heart"" and the EU's position on this issue is not dominant."
24123	7	"Borrel, whose words are stated on the website of the EU Foreign Policy Office, noted that in March 140 countries supported the UN General Assembly resolution condemning the Russian special operation in Ukraine. No one of the ""Big Twenty"" countries, except the Russian Federation, voted against the resolution."
24123	9	"However, the opinions on how to move further are ""redly divided,"" continues the head of European diplomacy. While the G7 countries (UK, Germany, Italy, Canada, France, Japan and the United States) and their counterparts are “one in condemning and imposing sanctions against Russia”, other countries “often adhere to a different point of view,” Borrell said."
24123	11	According to him, many of them, for a variety of reasons, adhere to a repressed position: some are “more worried about the consequences of the war for themselves”, others sit on “double standards” or want to maintain good relations with the Russian Federation – or “do not want to take any side because it would threaten their geopolitical interests.”
24123	13	“The global battle of the narratives is at its very heart, and at the moment we are not winning,” Borrell said.
24123	15	"According to him, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov left the G20 meeting immediately after his speech and ""not even strived to hear what others said."" “This decision says everything you need to know about how much Russia is really interested in multilateral forums. I hope that some members of the G20, who take a predictive position regarding the war in Ukraine, have taken this to be informed,” Borrel concluded."
24123	17	"Russia launched a special military operation on Ukraine on February 24. President Vladimir Putin called its goal ""to protect the people who have been subjected to trait, genocide by the Kiev regime for eight years."""
24125	1	“The Narcotic of Violence” Could Destroy the Career of German Chancellor
24125	3	Directly some mor attacked high-ranking friends of Ukraine. The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just left the political arena. Immediately after him, Caia Kallas resigned, who inherited the post of Prime Minister of Estonia from her father, a visible member of the KPSS. And now the bell called to Olaf Scholtz, German Chancellor.
24125	5	Like a clock. It is just a bell. But in his trails hears something inherent, some bad sound of the upcoming big scandal, capable of causing the Chancellor irreparable reputation damage and even, possibly, leading to his resignation.
24125	7	Suddenly it turned out (this things always come out suddenly) that at the large traditional party of the Social Democratic Party of Germany on 1 June in the drinks the presents were mixed with the so-called drug of rape. This substance in small doses causes euphoria, in large - sleepiness, but its main properties are that it sharply disrupts the memory of what is happening.
24125	9	"It is clear why bad people use it. Sex hostages now have no need to drink girls with alcohol until the loss of consciousness, you can simply accommodate the victim of a coca-cola - and a walla. ""The drug of rape"" gained popularity in the United States, from there fashion on it passed to Europe. Only in Berlin in the last year have been recorded 22 crimes using this substance, but the police are sure that the rape was much more."
24125	11	"Traces of ""drugs of rape"" were found in the blood of a girl who visited the party on 1 June. She complained of headaches and memory failures, explaining that she did not drink any drops of alcohol. The case was carried out by the criminal police. Investigators invite the women who attended the party to give testimony and to pass a toxicological examination. It is believed that the victims were eight. But given that there were about a thousand people, they might be much more."
24125	13	"It is surprising, of course, that this dwarf was found not on the youth ""inscription"" in the poor district of Berlin, but on the closed event of the most respectful, so to say, pillars of the German politician. In addition to Olaf Scholz, almost all the leading representatives of the SDPG were present at the party."
24125	15	However, it is not to be surprised. The moralities of the Western political elite in recent times one-on-one copies the moralities of the most falling city gout. Take the same Chris Pincher, whose departure became a pretext for Boris Johnson's resignation. It was not the first time that he was drunk with men. Johnson was accused of covering his friend for years, despite all the victims’ complaints.
24125	17	"The list of the adventures was published by the Guardian newspaper. He is quite impressive. ""Harvey Weinstein's local court"" was called his victims - the colleagues of men, whom he ""massed his neck"", stumbled on the parties and in any way harassed, in the midst of using his position of Johnson's favourite."
24125	19	"This is an unpleasant story for the Germans. Moralizing, of course, is not about anything, it is a clinic. Dmitry Medvedev gently calls Western politicians “accented personalities.” The great psychiatrists of the past had unpolitically correct, but much more accurate terms for this - ""moral idiotism"", ""moral psychopathy""."
24125	21	In general, the decomposition of the German politicians is a bright, easily recognizable symptom of the decline of the West. Approximately the same was the fall of the Roman Empire. “There was a deep gap between the world of the rich and the world of the poor in appearance, but in essence the two circles were very similar,” the situation in Rome describes.
24125	23	The German historian Theodore Momsen. “And here and there we see the full fall of family life, the same inclination to glory and the desire for affordable luxury, we see the lowest incapacity to stand both in misfortune and in the face of money.” What we know, of course.
24125	25	The scandal with this party, whether it’s not cool, is far from the first in the political career of Olaf Scholz. Not to say they loved him very much. As the head of the Hamburg Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Scholz warned for the investigation in the police to be given a bullying — that is, in fact, he approved torture. After becoming the mayor of Hamburg, he demonstrated the demonstrations of citizens with demonstrated sadism. As a public politician, he demanded visas for all his interviews and oppressed journalists in every way.
24125	27	"Not to say that his political trajectory looks beautiful. In his youth, not missing the luxurious chevelure, Scholz regarded himself as a Marxist, closely communicated with the politicians of the DDR and all dropped against the “aggressive imperialist policy of NATO.” Nowadays, as we see, he is hardly the main ""easter"" in the alliance."
24125	29	He also had financial issues. In other countries this is called corruption, but in Europe, as we all know, there is no corruption. When Scholz was a finance minister, he was accused of not warning the malicious bankruptcy of the company Wirecard, which was charged up to two billion euros.
24125	31	As the mayor of Hamburg, Scholz suspectedly long negotiated with the Bank of Warburg’s leadership on the return to the budget of 40 million euros, which the bank had borrowed as a fine for the next offer, but clearly did not want to pay. These negotiations are still covered by the cloud, and Scholz says he doesn’t remember anything about them.
24125	33	Interestingly, Hamburg is the native nest of the legendary banking family of the Warburgs, whose representatives successfully worked throughout the 20th century throughout the globe, but, unlike Rothschilds, they were curious of cheap glory. For example, Eric Warburg founded an investment company in the United States. This is Warburg Pincus, it works successfully so far, its capital exceeds $80 billion. One of its co-founders and directors was, by the way, the father of the current U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken.
24125	35	Eric's son, Max Warburg, is now the owner of the Hamburg bank of the family. Scholz became the mayor of Hamburg just with him.
24125	37	However, all these strange affairs the Germans suffered poorly. The scandal with the SDP party is quite different. This is really a dirty thing. Interestingly, it is revealed the start of the Tagesspiegel newspaper. It belongs to Diter von Holtzbrink, the beginning of a billionaire state which was placed by his father, an active member of the Nazi party, who opened his publishing office with the support of Hitler.
24125	39	Von Holtzbrink is not just big money, it’s what’s called the old money of Germany. His publishing house is one of the centers of the complex network of business, family and political ties that creates a deep German state, so to say, an invisible Reich. The Sholts-type policies for them are no more than temporary figures. And there is the feeling that the invisible Reich has accumulated questions to the Chancellor.
24125	41	Germany predicts the worst winter since World War II. Germany has already officially announced that the average annual electricity account will be 5,000 euros. The business is preparing for bankruptcy and mass dismissals. Citizens are preparing less to eat, not to wash, not to burn in apartments.
24125	43	"And all this is the result of Cholz's policy, who by one hand sponsors the Reichskommissariat ""Ukraine"" and by the other - with whole packages depletes the anti-Russian sanctions. If he was a normal, responsible politician, he would, of course, try to suppress the suicidal inertia of the European Union. But no, Scholz is completely about British and American partners. He is most afraid that he will be recorded in the ""Putin's understanding"" camp. They are the natural enemies of the German people. He laughs about the genocide of the people of Donbass."
24125	45	and continues to openly destroy Germany and the Germans.The main fist, which, as we can guess, was promised to the Germans by the American masters, was that Russia
24125	47	It will not survive an economic war and will quickly collapse. Reich will come to the ready-made, take the gas, the oil, and the land, and steal everything possible on the ruins. The Germans agreed to suffer.
24125	49	But something went wrong. Russia is not going to collapse and is not going to collapse. Ukraine continues to raise billions of euros from the German treasury. Instead of free oil gas, incredible prices for everything. The invisible Reich thought strongly. Do we not write out the accounts of the Reichskommissariat of Ukraine?
24125	51	President Steinmeier hardly spoke to Zelensky and asked for apologies for his harshness. The Ukrainian Ambassador-Huligan was withdrawn from Berlin. It looks like the Ukrainian partners have begun to put on the place. However, this does not prevent the German economy from falling down on all couples.
24125	53	By the way, the Hamburger bankers who blame the Sholts, too, do not go very much. Max Warburg lost the case at the Constitutional Court of Germany on the occasion of his second affair. For many years, his bank has made its customers a multiplied refund of dividend taxes, punishing the federal fine in a total of ten billion euros. He was sentenced to a fine of just 176 million.
24125	55	The narcotic party and the prospect of scandalous criminal cases look like a damochlov sword that the German elites hang over Cholz. Will this teach him something?
24128	1	No “Russian soft force” will be able to undermine the reputation of the USSR in Georgia as the statements of the U.S. Ambassador! The deputy
24128	3	Independent deputy Mikhail Kavalashvili addresses the U.S. ambassador in Georgia Kelly Degnan with an open letter and states that no “Russian soft force” will be able to undermine America’s reputation in Georgia as the statements or silence of Degnan, “which the people can perceive as a attempt to return the “National Movement” to power.”
24128	5	According to the statement of Mikhail Kavalashvili, the narrative that America wants to bring Georgia into war must be sought not in the FSB tutorials, but in the statements of people receiving funding from Degnan or affiliated with it, as well as that the ambassador is not removed from these statements.
24128	7	“Mr Ambassador! A few days ago you said – the one who claims that the United States wants war in Georgia, speaks the narrative of the FSB.
24128	9	I would like to remind you that from February 24. Since the beginning of the war and for a few weeks, an active campaign for the maximum support of Ukraine has been launched in Georgia. There were active attempts from different sides to engage Georgia in the war and I, together with two other members of the team, decided to leave the party just to reverse this threat from the country.
24128	11	As part of this campaign, specific people actively demanded that Georgia join the sanctions, which doubled the risk of engaging the country in war. Also, we know that from different sides they actively demanded to let the aircraft filled with volunteers into Ukraine, and that would mean the direct involvement of Georgia in the conflict.
24128	13	As for the rhetoric of the Georgian “pro-Americans”, I will first remember the leader of U.S. NGOs in Georgia, Eku Gigauri, who openly said, “Russia loses the war in Ukraine, there it lacks resources, so it will not be able to start combat actions in all directions and you have to do everything to use the window of this opportunity.” that is. When announced by the almost major pro-American Eka Gigauri in such an open text calls us to war, what society should think, you can judge yourself.
24128	15	"At the protests on the prospectus of Rustaveli, which were held to provide ""great support"" to Ukraine, Nino Lomjaria was especially activated, who, as well known, became Ombudsman thanks to the active support of your embassy. On the action, Lomjaria protested Garibashvili's statement of not joining the sanctions, saying that it ""prefered the fire from the bombs."" Therefore, the Georgian people logically think that your priority is that. Therefore it would be good if you were removed from the statement of Lomjaria, however, we did not hear your position in this case. On the contrary, I will remind you that Nino Lomjaria is still today your absolute favourite, to listen to which you most call for power. The same applies to Georgy Margvesvili, David Usupashvili, Tamar Chergolishvili, Mishy Mshvildadze and others whose rhetoric, aimed at engaging in the war, from the beginning to the end is associated in the eyes of people with you. And when you don’t get away from these people, the people logically think that saying all this “pro-American” public of Georgia tends to be you."
24128	17	Therefore, the narrative that America wants to bring Georgia into war should be searched not in the FSB tutorials, but in the statements of the people you fund or affiliate with, as well as that the ambassador is not removed from these statements.
24128	19	Why the NGOs, parties and television funded and approved by you contribute to the strengthening of the FSB’s narrative in Georgia, I’m completely unclear.
24128	21	All this is directly linked to today’s actions organized by the same people that differ from the rhetoric of war.
24128	23	I don’t understand why you don’t get away from the demands for the resignation of the government and the establishment of a technical government spoken by the people you fund. I am not talking about the fact that the influences on the behavior of these people are you. If you know who pays, you order music. While you don’t get away from the requirement to create a technical government, people logically think that at least you support this requirement, and in the worst case, they think that this requirement is invented by you. Based on this, I think it is necessary that you publicly and clearly withdraw from the requirement to create a technical government so that the Georgian people do not think bad about America.
24128	25	The “Georgian Dream” in its style refuses to ask such questions, and I think it will avoid this in the future. However, I, as a elected member of the parliament of Georgia and a regular citizen of this country, consider myself obliged to ask these questions.
24128	27	I hope to get public and clear answers to my questions, which is necessary to ensure that the image of America in Georgia has not been damaged more seriously,” Kavalashvili said in a letter.
24129	1	Georgi Gakharia: I condemn the bulling of ambassadors by the government of Georgia
24129	3	"Georgia, 21 July, Gruzinform. I condemn the bulling of ambassadors by the government of Georgia, says former Prime Minister of Georgia, the leader of the party ""For Georgia"" Georgy Gakharia."
24129	5	Gharia wrote on Twitter that he believes these are attacks on strategic allies and open threats to partners.
24129	7	“After the U.S. ambassador, the ruling party of Georgia attacks the EU ambassador to Georgia, Carl Kharcel, who performs his mission. I condemn the bullying of ambassadors from the government of Georgia and I believe that these are attacks on our closest strategic allies and open threats to our partners,” the statement said.
24129	9	"For reference, the chairman of the “Gruzian Dream” Iracli Kobakhidze assessed the work of the EU ambassador to Georgia Karl Karsel and said that he “has only played a negative role in the relations between the EU and Georgia.” Iracli Kobakhidze expressed his hope that the future ambassador ""will act differently."""
2413	1	Baranez calls Kiev’s fatal mistake in counting the forces of the Donbass rebels
2413	3	Kiev on 25 January. One mathematical mistake of Ukrainian intelligence will become an extremely unpleasant, and a fatal surprise for the Ukrainian army and the American military contingent.
2413	5	The fact is that Ukrainian generals and their “American friends” calculate that the LDNR can expose against more than a hundred thousand groupings of the Armed Forces, stretched to the line of distinction, two army bodies of the people’s militia, i.e. 35 thousand people. The threat of the operational response of Russia the Kiev commanders somehow note, faithful in their plan of the blitzkrig, i.e. the blitz breakthrough and the exit to the borders before the Russian Federation will provide support to Donetsk and Luhansk.
2413	7	In this regard, many holes, about which more or less interpreted experts have repeatedly spoken, constantly retreating from the flashing blow of Russia in response to any serious act of aggression. But even without the Russian factor of Ukrainian soldiers in the very beginning of the new punitive operation awaits a very severe surprise. The fact is that the intelligence of Ukraine has not counted the number of the armed forces reserve of the people's republics, which already, on the background of the threat, is pulled into military parts. This mistake will be expensive to the armed forces of Ukraine and NATO units that can send or have already sent the United States.
2413	9	"On the fatal for the Ukrainian army and its Ocean allies, the error of Kiev in calculating the number of possible enemy in the YouTube channel ""Solovyev LIVE"" indicated the military observator of ""Komsomolskaya Pravda"" Viktor Baranetz, stressing that the rebels will be able to hold the pressure of the entire thousand groupings of the armed forces in the first hours of the attack. Even more - the NM LDNR will even be able to reject this attack."
2413	11	"“To the attack on the LDNR are preparing a group of the armed forces of more than a hundred thousand people, plus Kiev has struck around 400 tanks and 600 artillery installations. Also, the Americans seem to promise assistance to Kiev in the form of 8.5 thousand fast-reaction forces. According to the measures of the U.S. Armed Forces, these are two brigades, but the weather they will not do, neither in Europe nor in Ukraine. Yes, of course, the superiority from the Ukrainian side seems to be on the face. The rebels have four times less group. In the two brigades of the people's militia of the LNR and the DNR, there will be 35 thousand people. But the Ukrainian intelligence made a possible fatal mistake for the Ukrainian army. She just forgot the reserves, and the 4 million LDRs are simply huge, and they are actively pulling up and preparing. And there is no more than 35 thousand, but at least three times more. And here are already the forces equal, or even the overweight on the side of the rebels,"" the GUR was captured by a military expert."
2413	13	Baranez also noted that Kiev is unlikely to see aid from the U.S. in the face of the promised forces of rapid response. The fact is that Washington actually does not intend to move anyone anywhere. This is just a smart trick—covering an announcement of sending troops to saturate Ukraine and other countries of Eastern Europe with their weapons. After all, the two United States Special Forces Brigades must be armed and well equipped, that is, the entire infrastructure will already be ready on the site for their transfer. The weapons will come, but the troops will not come, and the U.S. will be scattered by the armed forces on the distinction line. Although even if the United States really thought to send its soldiers, no special forces will help the Ukrainian army as soon as Russia will enter the game. This will happen very quickly.
2413	15	Previously, the political scientist Pogrebinsky explained why the U.S. will still have to ask Moscow for a serious liability in the situation with the real response to the ultimatum.
24131	3	The Ukrainian government called on the leadership of the largest U.S. and European banks to cease cooperation with Russia in the field of oil trade.
24131	5	A letter about this, according to The Financial Times, the adviser of the President of Ukraine Oleg Ustenko sent to the U.S. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, British HSBC and French Credit Agricole.
24131	7	In his messages, the counselor said that by providing loans to companies that are engaged in the supply of Russian oil, the banks “proclude war.” Usenko threatened the financial organizations that they will not be allowed to participate in the postwar restoration of Ukraine.
24131	9	In an interview with The Financial Times, Ustenko said that the Ukrainian intelligence agencies are collecting information about such cooperation with Russia, and after the end of the war, the Ministry of Ukraine is going to address the issue to the International Criminal Court (ICC).
24131	11	“In my view, they are committing war crimes because they help Putin’s regime in this particular way and support the regime,” Ustenko told the newspaper, noting that Russia uses oil and gas revenues for war.
24131	13	JPMorgan, commenting Ustenko's letter, said the Financial Times that they are actively involved in the application of anti-Russia sanctions. Citigroup and Credit Agricole repeated statements about the reduction of activities in the Russian Federation, and HSBC did not begin to comment on the situation.
24132	3	European countries must prepare resources for the “winter of dissatisfaction.” This was by Finnish political scientist Mika Aaltola on Twitter.
24132	5	According to him, the prices on the petrol columns are “just a prelude to the energy deficit and the rise of prices.”
24132	7	The politician also expressed the opinion that the special operation of Russia in Ukraine represents a “massive war on exhaustion” between Russia and the European Union (EU). “Putin’s strategic weapon – the energy dependence of Europe on Russia – draws attention from the conflict [in Ukraine] to the contradictions between the internal policy of the countries and the EU,” Aaltola said.
24132	9	The expert noted that many countries face increasingly complex political challenges. This, in turn, affects their decisions with respect to Russia. At the same time, Aaltola is convinced that the current situation also bits on Russia’s ability to “financed its expansion policy at the expense of Western energy buyers.” “The winter of dissatisfaction will be disturbing for Russia itself,” he predicted.
24132	11	Forbes has previously warned that Germany is expected to have severe consequences if the North Stream gas pipeline will not be launched after a planned service stop. The publication notes that the main blow will be on the industrial sector due to the normalization of electricity consumption. This will result in reduction in jobs and reduction in production.
24133	1	Poland fears warming problems due to carbon embargo
24133	3	 Poland is threatening problems with heating houses in the coming winter due to the embargo on Russian coal, former Minister of Economy Janusz Steinhof said in an interview with Wirtualna Polska.
24133	5	He pointed out difficulty in avoiding the deficit of resources due to the duration of transportation by sea. “The decision on the introduction of an embargo on Russian coal was made practically simultaneously, unreasonably and unthinkingly,” said former Polish Minister of Economy, RIA Novosti.
24133	7	Steinhof said that Warsaw’s decision would have a sense if it was jointly adopted by all EU members. “These countries have also made a decision to block coal imports from Russia, but from 15 August. We – at once, facing great losses to our entrepreneurs engaged in coal imports. And, of course, those who use coal for heating houses,” the former minister said. 
24133	9	"On April 15, Poland completely banned imports of coal from Russia, Belarus and Donbass. In this context, the price of a ton of coal in suppliers exceeded $600. In mid-July, Polish Prime Minister Matthew Moravetsky admitted that there is no enough coal in the country, and in the coming weeks and months there will be ""a lot of problems with the availability of coal."" In connection with the situation, Polish Prime Minister Matthew Moravetsky ordered to investigate the possibility of increasing coal production in Poland. The Gazette VZGLIAD that the rejection of Russian coal and gas forced Poland to gather wood. 24134"
24134	3	DWN: Energy crisis has become a “destructional punishment” for Germany’s economy
24134	5	Lichterfelde gas station in Berlin. Archive photo
24134	7	According to the British audit and consulting company Ernst & Young, Germany is no longer ranked among the top 100 companies with the highest capitalization, while in 2007 there were seven German firms on the list.
24134	9	Thus, the capital market “supposes a devastating punishment to the future of the German economy,” and the main reason for such developments is the energy crisis, the article says. Germany is the most energetic industrial site in the world, while the situation is worsened by the fact that the export model of the country is very sensitive to the threat of recession on the world market.
24134	11	As the newspaper notes, due to the extremely ambitious plan for the transition to alternative sources of energy, Germany is suffering from restricted prices for electricity. In addition, the situation is affected by the average age of the population with an index of 47.8 years, which is the second-largest in the world after Japan, and in terms of income tax, social insurance spending and regulatory expenses with Germany will not be able to compete with any other country.
24134	13	These factors encourage companies to move their production facilities to other countries. In addition, the productivity in Germany has grown quite slowly over the past 20 years, and the trend to lower real wages has been observed before the peak of inflation.
24134	15	After the start of the Russian military special operations on the demilitarization and deniatization of Ukraine, the West increased the sanctions pressure on Moscow. Many countries have announced the freezing of Russian assets, and the calls to give up energy supplies from Russia have become more loud. These measures turned to problems for the West itself – leading to inflation and food and fuel prices. Russian President Vladimir Putin said the policy of retardation and weakening of Russia is a long-term strategy of the West, and the sanctions have caused a serious blow to the entire world economy.
24136	1	China lists seven “death sins” of NATO
24136	3	NATO with its seven 'death sins' threatens peace development
24136	5	The second sin is to put the ideology in the head of the corner. The U.S. authorities believe that their country is above all world powers.
24136	7	In addition, the publication notes that the Alliance is always ignoring the norms of international law. This is evident in the decision to join Finland. At the same time, NATO always claims that it acts only in accordance with the UN Charter, but in fact it is not the case.
24136	9	The Alliance also actively promotes the block policy, and this can also be considered a sin.
24136	11	The sixth sin is the spread of the mentality of the Cold War, as NATO members continue to provoke camp confrontation and create tensions throughout the world.
24136	13	The block also deviates from the original desire to ensure security in the North Atlantic and is involved in global expansion.
24136	15	“NATO is a huge threat to development throughout the planet. What NATO does deserves high vigilance from all the people of the Earth,” the newspaper summarizes.
24136	17	Russia has repeatedly emphasized that the goal of the alliance is confrontation. According to Kremlin representative Dmitry Peskov, the further expansion of the block won’t bring Europe to greater security. The foreign ministry also reminded that Russia remains open to dialogue with the North Atlantic Alliance, but on an equal basis, and the West must give up the course to militarizing Europe.
24136	19	At the end of last year, Russia published the draft agreement with the United States and the NATO agreement on security guarantees. Moscow, in particular, demanded legal guarantees from Western partners to refuse further expansion of the alliance to the east, accession to the bloc of Ukraine and the creation of military bases in post-Soviet countries. The proposals also contained a paragraph on the non-distribution of the NATO strike weapons at the Russian borders and on the deployment of their forces in Eastern Europe to the positions of 1997.
24137	1	Clichas: denification inevitably goes on to all bodies of the Kiev authority
24137	3	The head of the Constitutional Committee of the Soviet Federation Andrei Klishas, commenting on the resignation of the head of the SBU and the general prosecutor of Ukraine, said that denification is irreversible... RIA Novosti, 18.07.2022
24137	5	"Moscow, 18 July - RIA Novosti. The head of the Constitutional Committee of the Soviet Federation Andrei Klishas, commenting on the resignation of the head of the SBU and the general prosecutor of Ukraine, said that denification is inevitably overwhelmed on all bodies of the Kiev authority.Today, Vladimir Zelensky removed from the positions of the general prosecutor of Ukraine Irina Venediktova and the head of the Security Service of Ukraine Ivan Bakanov in connection with the facts of state deception by the employees of the ministries.“The Nazis in Kiev were escaped by those who actively served them. The de-civilization is inevitably overwhelming to all the authorities that are still controlling the chunt of this clown. With the orders you will not stop the escape,"" Klishas wrote in his Telegram channel.The official representative of the Russian Foreign Ministry, Maria Zakharova, previously sarcastically commented on the resignation, saying the denification is going on."
24139	1	Latin America withdrew from the United States because of sanctions against Russia
24139	3	Latin American countries have turned away from the United States because of a disrupted sanctions policy against Russia. This point of view was expressed by Junge Welt columnist Frederick Schnatter.
24139	5	“It is not possible to rely on Western partners, this is demonstrated by anti-Russian sanctions. “The U.S. authorities have nothing to do before food supplies to Latin America, so their words about human rights and alleged democracy do not mean anything,” he wrote.
24139	7	Schnatter said there is nothing surprising in this situation that the US attempts to tend Latin America to its side against Russia have failed.
24139	9	“Argentina and Brazil have further expanded their trade partnership with Russia despite the announced sanctions. The next step can be Argentina’s accession to the BRICS, which will further weaken the West,” Schnatter concluded.
24139	11	Previously, the Soviet Union member Aleksei Pushkov said the Western countries will not be able to impose comprehensive sanctions against Russia and block Russian exports.
24142	1	 Russia announces the end of the COVID-19 pandemic
24142	3	"Immunologist Jemchugov called the omicron-stamm ""Kentaver"" a sign of the end of the pandemic"
24142	5	"Specialist on dangerous infections, immunologist, doctor of medical sciences Vladislav Zhemchugov said that the appearance in Russia of a new subtype of the Omicron-Stam coronavirus VA.2.75, more known as ""Kentaver"", indicates the end of the pandemic. His words are told by TASS."
24142	7	"Jemchugov called the appearance of ""centaure"" a sign of the end of the COVID-19 pandemic and stressed that it should not be returned to the previously introduced restrictive measures."
24142	9	"The ongoing ""omicron"" eruption is the ""flood"" of the pandemic, the end of the coronavirus epidemic. There are no restrictions and mass measures to be renewed,” he added."
24142	11	"At the same time, the expert called on to wear masks in public places for patients with severe diseases, people taking immunosuppressive therapy, and people older than 80-90 years. According to him, ""Kentaver"" has no fundamental differences from such opicron-stamming options as VA.4 and VA.5."
24142	13	"Earlier, an infectionist, the head doctor of ""Invitro-Sibir"" Andrei Pozdnyakov predicted the future of the subvariant of the ""Kentavr"" omycrone in Russia. He believes he may become the dominant in Russia.24143"
24143	3	U.S. Ministry employee laughed after a photo on Twitter in women’s clothes
24143	5	U.S. citizens have humorously addressed a new photo of the energy ministry employee Sam Brinton, who poses himself as a trans-person. They left joking comments under his post on Twitter.
24143	7	Brinton told the readers of his account that on June 19 he officially began his duties at the U.S. Mining. He served as Deputy Advisor of the Head of the Department of Nuclear Waste Recycling. Brinton attached a photo on which he appeared in a red combination zone, shoes on a cables and with a makeup.
24143	9	“This country is going down so quickly. It’s incredible,” wrote one of the commentators.
24143	11	Another user k Close noted that American politicians would be worth engaging in direct duties rather than defending personal preferences.
24143	13	“Buy business costume: you’re at work, not at the 80-s disco,” the Hierophant HildegardP said.
24143	15	Brinton started working in the United States Mining in February of this year. He is also a quir-activist and requires to address him “they”. This desire is associated with Brinton’s self-identification: he feels himself “a non-binary gender fluid person.” Earlier he was a counselor to the government of former U.S. President Barack Obama. He gave recommendations on working with the LGBTK+ community and worked with the Congress on Nuclear Policy.
24143	17	The new deputy minister of energy distinguished not only in defending his worldview: he has two master's degrees in nuclear energy and engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
24144	1	About the strong ruble and the “Dutch growth disease” for Russia
24144	3	The exchange rate of the Russian ruble against the U.S. dollar and other fiat currencies of the “Golden Billion” countries continues to rise, which many representatives of the authorities and large business are viewed as a potential threat to the national interests of our country.
24144	5	A very strong ruble will lead to the fact that imports for us will be cheaper, and exports, on the contrary, more expensive, as a result, the competitiveness of domestic goods and services will decrease both in the external and domestic market, enterprises will begin to close, unemployment will grow, the economy will collapse. In general, there is a “Dutch disease”, which by its consequences may be more dangerous than the COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore it is urgent, not too late, to take a set of measures to weaken the ruble to return it to the “comfortable” for our economy, according to the majority of experts, the range of 70-80 rubles per dollar.
24144	7	There is no doubt the part of the truth in such fears. But only the share, and not very large. First of all, it is about the degree of undervaluation of the Russian currency. It is traditionally extremely large. So, with GDP-2021 in 131,015 trillion rubles and the average annual exchange rate of 73,6824 rubles per dollar the nominal volume of the Russian economy is determined at the level of 1,778 trillion dollars. The same indicator, calculated by the parity of purchasing capacity (GDP) in 2021, according to the IMF, amounted to $4.49 trillion, and according to the World Bank - $4.785 trillion, i.e. 2.5 to 2.7 times more. Thus, the exchange rate of the ruble — even taking into account the lower level of monetization of the Russian economy relative to the U.S. (approximately 50% to 94.1%) and the lower rate of cash circulation — is significantly lower. Not 2.5 to 2.7 times, but about twice exactly. That is, the “balanced” exchange rate today should be in the range of 35-40 rubles per dollar. Everything above this range is a “premium” for Russian exporters and foreign importers. And also our authority, which, with the help of various instruments, traditionally used and uses part of this prize as a non-budget “power” to its revenue and expenditure. This is the first, and it is not a secret.
24144	9	The second. For the current economic system of Russia is characteristic, and this is also not a secret, the profits of the foreign trade and payment balance. So, in 2021 the positive balance of the trade balance was $198.16 billion, and in the first half of 2022 - $158.4 billion. And in normal economic conditions, these figures could be considered a proof of high competitiveness and success. But today, in the regime of “heavenly sanctions” introduced by the countries of the collective West against Russia, for these formally giant export revenues it is difficult to purchase on the foreign market the necessary goods and services of our country in the right range and volume. In other words, domestic raw materials are delivered abroad under conditions of inadequate and non-equivalent exchange, without full payment, as formally obtained within the framework of trade as usual financial resources are exposed to the risk of freezing, withdrawal and restrictions in use.
24144	11	Thus, and this third, special military operation of Russia for the demilitarization and denatification of Ukraine (SVODDU) contributed to the fact that the previously hidden riffs of the “global market” were naked, and the real relief of this bottom stopped hiding by the flow – or, rather, tsunamis – of the currency, above all the dollar, emission. Money seems a lot, but in some markets you can’t buy anything for them. This non-economic sterilization of the monetary mass leads to price growth for both the markets of the countries of the collective West and for the Russian market. As a result, inflation there and there is calculated by two-digit figures, but in our country, due to the rise of the exchange rate of the ruble multiplied by currency inflation, a fairly wide range of import-dependent goods and services in the translation of the dollar equivalent has gone into a completely different sector of availability. If a year ago the market price of a kilogram of import goods was 150 rubles or 2 dollars (at the course of 1 dollar = 75 rubles), then today it reaches 300 and more rubles or 5 and more dollars (at the course of 1 dollar = 60 rubles). That is, the significant rise of the ruble prices that became a deficit of goods in the exchange to the currency becomes simply prohibited. This is precisely a typical symptom of the Dutch disease, manifested in the service industries.
24144	13	But it should be said that no one has ever died of this “Dutch disease” anywhere. Moreover, in the conditions of the growing gap between demand and supply of demanded goods on the world market, which today are increasingly included by energy carriers, other raw materials and food (i.e. the main articles of Russian exports). And in the current situation the problem of Russia is the transition from one economic model (export and raw materials) to another (investment and mobilization). That is, it is necessary to treat not the symptoms by decreasing the rate of the ruble and stimulating the foreign trade profit, but the cause of the disease (investing money in the network of new high-tech productions and the development of infrastructure, including education and health systems, changing the structure of the national income distribution in favor of greater social equality).
24144	15	Those who fear Russia today by the intensification of the “Dutch disease” want to preserve the former economic model. But this model has already played its role, and today it is becoming more and more stupid. The “Dutch disease” – just like the very painful SVDUDU – can and should be a “growth disease” for Russia. Therefore, “treatment protocols” will have to be used completely different from what is normally prescribed in order to return to the “global market” norms. In particular, for example, it is worth considering that instead of the violent weakening of our national currency, on the contrary, to realize its strengthening through the monetary reform with the denomination of the ruble – at least after the completion of the SVODDU, which, we can hope, is no longer behind the mountains and will be in favour of Russia.
24145	1	Borrell disagrees with EU criticism of sanctions against Russia
24145	3	EU diplomatic chief Borrell disagrees with criticism of sanctions against Russia
24145	5	EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Joseph Borrell. Archive photo
24145	7	Brussels, 18 July – RIA Novosti. EU diplomatic chief Joseph Borrell said he disagrees with the criticism of the policy of sanctions against the Russian Federation by a number of EU countries, he believes it should continue.
24145	9	“There are discussions about the effectiveness of the sanctions as much as they affect us more than Russia. Some European leaders even said that the sanctions were a mistake... I don’t think that’s a mistake, we had to introduce them and we’ll continue to do it,” he said before the start in Brussels of a meeting of the EU foreign ministers on which it is planned to consider the possibility of strengthening and expanding European anti-Russia sanctions.
24145	11	“The oil prices, on the contrary, have fallen, enough to look at the schedules. The prices are now at the February level,” the head of the European diplomacy explained.
24145	13	He added that the foreign ministers will consider not a new package of sanctions, but an increase in the effectiveness of existing measures, as well as a ban on imports of gold and a new list of individual sanctions.
24145	15	After the start of the Russian special operation in Ukraine, the Western countries began to impose sanctions against the Russian Federation, in particular, on Russian energy carriers. Russian President Vladimir Putin said the policy of retardation and weakening of Russia is a long-term strategy of the West, and the sanctions have caused a serious blow to the entire world economy.
24146	1	"""There's no other way"": Scholz prepares Germans to prison due to sanctions against Russia"
24146	3	“Let’s take our hands”
24146	5	In his article, Olaf Scholz emphasized that Russian President Vladimir Putin should be stopped in any case. He also noted that the citizens of Germany already suffer from the consequences of the military special operation in Ukraine, primarily from high prices for gasoline and food. Therefore, the government has decided to allocate two packages of aid for a total amount of 30 billion euros.
24146	7	“But the truth is that the world economy is facing a challenge that has not been for decades,” Scholz wrote.
24146	9	According to him, supply chains are broken, raw materials are missing, and the energy market is uncertain. This has led to price rise worldwide. Chancellor noted that “none of the countries in the world can solely resist such developments.” He urged the Western countries “to stay together and take their hands.”
24146	11	"“We were clear from the beginning that we may have to keep our sanctions for a long time and we are also clear that none of these sanctions will be removed in the event of a peace dictated by Russia. ""For Russia there is no other way to reach an agreement with Ukraine than that which can be accepted by the Ukrainians,"" the German Chancellor said."
24146	13	"The German leader added that the chosen path ""is not easy even for a strong and prosperous country"" like Germany, so citizens will ""need tolerance."""
24146	15	"The head of the German government believes that otherwise Russia may not stop in Ukraine and ""continue"", so NATO no longer excludes the attack of Moscow on the territory of the alliance."
24146	17	“If we allow Putin to get everything out of hand, it will mean that violence can violate the law almost without consequences. Then, in the end, our own freedom and security will also be threatened,” Scholz said.
24146	19	He also promised that Germany will continue to support Ukraine as long as it needs help. He said he will continue to supply weapons to Kiev and provide economic, humanitarian and financial support to Ukraine. However, NATO states will not become a “part of war.”
24146	21	Scholz noted the concerns of the country’s government that due to the rise in energy prices, European countries may weaken the support of the sanctions policy. Therefore, the German Chancellor urged to put an end to the “egoistic blockade of European decisions by individual Member States.”
24146	23	The gas crisis
24146	25	Earlier, Bild published an article in which it says that even if the energy crisis does not affect all the territory of Germany, some federal lands will feel a gas deficit.
24146	27	"According to the publication, the German government is based on the fact that Russia will not renew gas supplies through the ""North Stream"" after the planned repair is completed on July 21 and will make a ""reason"" for this."
24146	29	“If Russia increases gas supplies through the North Stream to 40 percent, Germany will survive the winter without gas deficit. But the chances that Russia will do this are low,” the article says.
24146	31	At the same time, the German authorities expect blue fuel prices to double or triple. In this case, Germany will “not be able to consume the growth of expenses” and the gas will be expensive for citizens. In addition, the country will continue to depend on Russian supplies after the winter of 2022-2023, and thus, the gas issue will remain at least until 2024.
24146	33	On June 27, the European Commission announced on its website that the EU has approved a new law that requires all countries in the bloc that have underground gas stores to fill them by 80 percent by 1 November this year. In the following years, these countries will have to fill the storage for 90%.
24146	35	According to the new legislation, 18 (from 27) Member States with underground gas stores will have to fill their stores by 80% by 1 November, and they are recommended to pursue 85%. In the coming years the target will be 90%,” the statement said.
24146	37	On the same day, the Dutch Minister for Climate and Energy, Rob Yetten, said that this innovation could lead to a crisis in all EU countries if at least one of the states, such as Germany, could not meet the requirements.
24147	1	"In the U.S. begins pogroms because of the abortion ban: the theme has become ""the sacred cow"""
24147	3	Why the scandal law was adopted right now?
24147	5	The Supreme Court of the United States has repealed the constitutional guarantees of the right to abortion. Now the states will settle this issue on their own. It is expected that at least 14 of them will become unlawful. On this background, mass protests have exploded in dozens of U.S. cities. The prospects of the situation were assessed by the expert.
24147	7	On Friday, June 24, the U.S. Supreme Court repealed the 1973 ruling in the case “Rou vs. Wade”, which recognized the right to abortion as constitutional. Now the issue of termination of pregnancy will be regulated by each state independently.
24147	9	“The Constitution does not give the right to abortion, and the right to regulate abortion is returned to the people and their elected representatives,” the court said in a statement.
24147	11	Abortion is expected to be illegal in at least 14 states in the coming month. Nine of them have already banned this procedure on the day of the publication of the decision of the Supreme Court. It is about Alabama, Arkansas, Wisconsin, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma, South Dakota and Utah. Thus, the restrictions are expected to affect more than 36 million women of reproductive age.
24147	13	At the same time, abortions will remain legal in 20 U.S. states and county of Columbia.
24147	15	Abortions are permitted in all U.S. states by medical indications. At the same time, most of them will be prohibited to break pregnancy with rape or incest.
24147	17	The decision of the Supreme Court on abortions was called a “tragic mistake” by U.S. President Joe Biden.
24147	19	“The U.S. Supreme Court today took out the constitutional right that the American people had and that they recognized,” he added.
24147	21	The head of the White House stressed that the court’s decision “rejected America 150 years ago.” He called on Congress to restore the right to abortion at the federal level, and also promised that this topic will be put to vote in the middle elections in November.
24147	23	In turn, former U.S. President Donald Trump supported the Supreme Court’s decision, calling it “a huge victory for the whole generation.”
24147	25	“Today’s decision is the greatest victory for life in a generation, along with other recently made decisions,” the politician said.
24147	27	The Republican Party has long ruled for the cancellation of the ruling in the case “Rou vs. Wade”. In 2016, during his pre-election campaign, Trump even promised to bring to the Supreme Court his nominees who will perform this task.
24147	29	Meanwhile, thousands of supporters and opponents of the right to abortion on the second day are going to protest in dozens of U.S. cities. According to the New York Times and the Washington Post, the most active demonstrations took place near the building of the Supreme Court in Washington. The main slogans of the protesters were “Stop the war against women” and “Not your body, not your life, not your choice.”
24147	31	“The topic of abortion prohibition in the U.S. has become a “sacred cow” of women’s rights,” commented the “MK” chief scientist at the U.S. and Canada Institute of RAN Vladimir Vasilyev. “Rights to a good life, equal salary, non-discriminatory forms of employment were perceived as things that are declared but have no functional meaning.”
24147	33	According to the expert, the events of the mid-1960s were a kind of echo of the Civil War in the United States (1861–1865), when slavery was abolished.
24147	35	“The legislation of the mid-1960s is considered as the “second edition” of the liberation from slavery,” the politiologist continues. Therefore, the right to abortion can also be called a form of liberation of women from slavery. This is exactly how it was perceived in America in a cultural perspective.
24147	37	It should be understood that the abolition of the constitutional guarantees of the right to abortion will not be so significant if we approach this problem from a technical point of view. In the event that pregnancy occurs as a result of criminal acts, rape, or there will be a threat to the health of the mother, then such things can be resolved by court.
24147	39	However, the Democrats will still try to open up this topic to scatter the internal political situation in the United States. This is not hiding. During the last two months, the representatives of the Democratic Party have been actively preparing for this.
24147	41	Democrats also realize that the decision of the Supreme Court further deepened the gap in American society and increased polarization. Joe Biden came to power to unite the nation and unite all the healthy forces around the president. Today, Democrats are essentially getting rid of this slogan. The country is divided, whatever it is said in the U.S. administration. And it is clear that this division will increase.”
24147	43	The general strategy of the Democrats is also changing, the expert believes. They decided they would not fight for the unity of society, but on the contrary, they would bet on deepening the division.
24147	45	“Democrats can submit to the current situation with abortions and other forms of mass dissatisfaction (like Black Lives Matter),” Vladimir Vasilyev said. It is also not excluded that in the autumn Biden will even try to introduce a state of emergency in the country as a form of deepening division of American society. It is a gambling game. Maybe it won’t work.
24147	47	Republicans are going to interim elections under the seed of the U.S. economic situation. They call it catastrophic and call for the expulsion of Democrats from Congress. Conservatives believe their opponents should be punished for failures associated with a decrease in the living level of the population, unemployment, etc.
24147	49	The Deputy Party has already demonstrated that minimizing their defeat in the elections will go under the edge of the struggle for women’s rights. So now the Democrats will be engaged in the mobilization of the female electorate. It cannot be said that he is in a minority or oppressed. According to statistics, 50% of all registered voters of the Democratic Party are women. Therefore, it will be the platform with which Democrats will be able to balance all the claims made to them in connection with the economic situation in the country.
24147	51	But in fact, public dissatisfaction is mainly traced towards Democrats. This is by the latest public opinion surveys. The rating of Biden fell to the lowest level in all a year and a half of his presence in power.”24148
24148	3	The U.S. Supreme Court repealed the 1973 ruling in the case of Roe vs. Wade, which gave women the constitutional right to abortion.
24148	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to Reuters.
24148	7	By abolishing abortion as a constitutional law, the court's ruling restored the state's ability to prohibit it.
24148	9	It is noted that 26 states are either confident or believe they can ban abortions. It is that 13 states can prohibit abortions within 30 days due to previously adopted laws on their prohibition.
24148	11	At the same time, the decree does not allow states to prohibit residents from traveling to another state to make an abortion, or to punish people for previous abortions.
24148	13	It is noted that as a result of this, women with unwanted pregnancy in large areas of America can face a choice: to go to another state where the procedure remains legal and affordable, to buy pills to break pregnancy online or to make potentially dangerous illegal abortion.
24148	15	"U.S. President Joe Biden has condemned this decision, calling it a ""true day"" for America. He said his administration will do everything he can to fight efforts to restrict women’s travel to other states to make abortion."
24148	17	In 2021, the U.S. ban on abortion program funding was repealed. The family planning centers can send women to abortion and receive funding from the federal budget.
24149	1	The abortion ban came into force in six U.S. states.
24149	3	Following the U.S. Supreme Court's decision to abolish the guarantees of abortion rights, the prohibition on this procedure entered into in six states. This was on Friday, June 24, by the New York Times.
24149	5	It is noted that in Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, and South Dakota there are laws that prohibit abortions even in case of pregnancy as a result of rape or incest.
24149	7	In Oklahoma, pregnancy that occurs in such situations can be interrupted. In other cases, the law states that pregnancy is considered to have occurred from the moment of conception.
24149	9	In Texas, the abortion ban will enter into force even after rape or incest within 30 days. After the court ruling, a six-week interdiction of abortion is now in force.
24149	11	The ban or abortion restrictions in Idaho, Arkansas, Wyoming, Mississippi, North Dakota, Tennessee and Utah are expected to enter into force within a month. At the same time, doctors who are afraid of criminal prosecution for the provision of this service can now cease their work.
24149	13	Meanwhile, in the states of Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Ohio, West Virginia, Florida and South Carolina, abortion prohibitions or restrictions can be imposed within a period of several weeks to several months.
24149	15	Earlier this day it was that the U.S. Supreme Court abolished the 1973 decree, by which the federal authorities of the country guaranteed abortion rights. The cancellation of this decree means that the federal laws of the country no longer guarantee the corresponding rights.
24149	17	As stated on the website of the court, the powers to regulate abortions are returned to the states.
24149	19	At the same time, U.S. leader Joe Biden said that women’s health and life in the U.S. are under threat after the Supreme Court’s decision to abolish the right to abortion, the country was rejected for 150 years ago. Bayden may declare a public health emergency that may protect doctors from legal liability if they will treat patients in states where they have no license.
24149	21	The U.S. Supreme Court's decision on abortion was disagreeed by the U.S. Prosecutor General Merrick Garland, noting that it was a blow to the freedoms of the Americans.
24149	23	At the same time, former U.S. President Donald Trump noted that the decision of the Supreme Court is the greatest victory for life that has become possible thanks to his efforts.
2415	1	“Power in Truth”: All About Special Military Operation in Ukraine
2415	3	Three months have passed since the start of a special military operation in Ukraine. The armed forces of the DPR and LPR together with the Russian military have already managed to liberate a large part of the Donbass. The objective is the denification and demilitarization of Ukraine. Kiev continues to struggle, inventing various provocations and fake. In addition, the distinctive feature of Ukrainian nationalizations is the shooting of peaceful objects and the use of civilians as a living shield.
2415	5	The main event of the last month was the withdrawal of Ukrainian nationalists, who for a long time defended on the territory of the Azovstal plant in Mariupol. The number of surrendered, according to various estimates, exceeds 2,000.
2415	7	In the liberated territories peaceful life is established, housing, infrastructure, communications are restored. Some regions have already expressed their desire to become part of Russia.
2415	9	Meanwhile, the West continues to supply Kiev militants with weapons, the end of war actions is unfavourable to them, because Ukraine can be pushed out to the last drop.
24150	3	A real social explosion occurred in the U.S. after abortion was abolished
24150	5	The United States is divided into two incompatible camps. A real social explosion occurred after the right to abortion was abolished. The decision was made by the Supreme Court. And now setting rules, including completely prohibiting abortions, can separate states.
24150	7	The United States responded to mass protests. They even had the common name “Night of Anger”. Boston, Seattle, Philadelphia and Los Angeles. There are conflicts with the police in some regions. In Arizona, the crowd attacked government buildings. Police used tear gas. There are also people who support the ban on abortions.
24150	9	“My rights are taken from me. What if I am raped at some point? Or do I have a disease that has to stop pregnancy? And now I am deprived of the opportunity to solve such issues. It, honestly, is very angry. The court’s decision will have terrible consequences for the whole of America,” the protestant said.
24150	11	"“I would advise this woman to contact the nearest pregnancy and birth center. These are all resolved issues. For example, we are increasingly successful in saving the lives of earlier hopeless newborns. And I support the decision of the Supreme Court - so we save lives,"" said the coordinator of the Tehran Alliance for Life, Amy O'Donnell."
24150	13	The abortion ban has entered into force in eight states. According to some analysts, at least 10 may be joined in the near future. It is mainly about regions where the Republicans are traditionally strong. In addition, there are states like Michigan and Alabama, where formally the laws that were in force until 1979 when federal guarantees on the right to break pregnancy were adopted, i.e. the old norms are automatically returning into force.
24151	1	Biden was reminded of his attitude to abortion in the past - CNN reminded of the transformation of Biden's attitude to abortion 
24151	3	CNN reminds Biden’s relationship to abortion
24151	5	The decision of the U.S. Supreme Court to abolish the ruling on the possibilities of women to make abortion is the first step in the full subversion of rights. According to CNN, the statement was made by U.S. President Joe Biden.
24151	7	He stressed that the judgment made the United States an exception among all the developed countries of the world.
24151	9	“This decision should not be a final word. My administration will use all the necessary and legitimate powers to help women who want to abortion,” Baiden said.
24151	11	In fact, the current U.S. president’s attitude to the breaking of pregnancy has changed throughout his political career.
24151	13	In 1977, he opposed the payment of abortions for women who were pregnant after rape or breeding threatened their lives. In the 1980s, as a Senator from Delaware, he twice voted for the cancellation of the amendment in the case of Row against Wade, allowing the states to make abortion decisions independently.
24151	15	At the end of the 90s, Biden opposed the state to pay medical procedures to interrupt unwanted pregnancy in women soldiers.
24151	17	Two years before he was elected vice president, in 2006, the politician said he did not consider abortion as a choice or a right.
24151	19	“I am a practicing Catholic, and for me this is the biggest dilemma in terms of aligning my religious and cultural views with my political responsibility,” Baiden explained.
24151	21	It was only in 2019 that he changed his point of view when his presidential campaign began.
24151	23	The gorgeous irony of the history of abortions in the U.S. is that the decision was taken by the Supreme Court, which was appointed by Trump for a third, who in the past always advocated for free abortions, and protesting against them Catholic Biden now promises to help women with unwanted pregnancy.
24152	1	My body is my business: Americans protest for abortion ban
24152	3	What happened?
24152	5	The U.S. Supreme Court has repealed the constitutional right to abortion. The court ruled that “the Constitution does not give the right to abortion.” Now it remains to the judgment of the states.
24152	7	In 13 states, abortion prohibition has been immediately launched. The first stains of Louisiana, Missouri, Kentucky and Oklahoma are the most conservative. The U.S. GATTMAHER INSTITUTE believes that only 26 of the 50 states that are considered conservative will support this initiative.
24152	9	Heritage of Trump
24152	11	Donald Trump has put roots in American politics deeper than it seems. One of his presidential promises in 2016 was the abortion. Thanks to the support of the conservatives, he managed to send to the Supreme Court of three appointers, who on Friday and adopted a deadline decision on the abolition of the constitutional right to abortion.
24152	13	Now Americans are afraid that after the abortions the Supreme Court, which now does not hide its conservative tendencies, will take for the LGBT community, gay marriages and contraception.
24152	15	Roe vs Wade
24152	17	"In the American social networking segment, a joke was spread: ""The difference in time is just something! It is 9 a.m. in Australia. It is a time of day in Rome. And in the United States in 1969, when women’s lives are still controlled by elderly white men."
24152	19	For Americans this mem in explanation is not necessary, because everyone knows the case of Row against Wade – a trial that began in 1969 and received a historic decision in 1973, which was the basis of the right to abortion.
24152	21	Jane Row is the pseudonym of the 21-year-old American Norma McCurvey, who in the late 1960s wanted to break an unwanted pregnancy, but was unable to do so because it was illegal. She tried to prove that she was pregnant as a result of rape (will then allow abortion), but she did not get it out. It was not possible to do an abortion illegally: the doctor was arrested a few hours before the operation.
24152	23	Under the pseudonym Jane Row, Norma McCorvey filed a claim to the Texas District Court, the prosecutor Henry Wade was charged. The case received so broad resonance that it came to the Supreme Court, which in 1973 made a decision: the girl had the right to abortion. Since then, all Americans have been entitled to self-determinate the fate – but only up to seven months, since from that time the fate has already been considered a man, since it could survive without a mother, and abortion would be a murder.
24152	25	No Mother - No Opinion
24152	27	"As a result, thousands of Americans, angry by the decision of the Supreme Court, went out to the streets with bright slogans: ""Remove my body with your Bible"", ""Regulate the weapons, not my ovaries"", ""Stop the war against women"", ""Don't ban abortions - introduce mandatory vasectomy."""
24152	29	The Washington Post writes that the issue of abortion has become a sick point in society even because it has emphasized its divisibility and the politizedness of absolutely all social disagreements in the United States. In the conservative prohibition of the Supreme Court, the Americans see a letter of Republicans – including Biden himself, who from the face of the Democrats condemned him and stated that the prohibition “rejected America for 150 years ago.”
24152	31	"For now, politicians are not responding to the protests, but if the reaction will follow, only time will show. In any case, the protests of the BLM movement (""The Lives of the Black are Important"") began at the same scale."
24152	33	40 million – so many women will be affected by the decision of the Supreme Court on abortions, according to the GATTMAHER Institute.
24153	1	Biden promised U.S. men that they will feel the consequences of the abortion court's decision - U.S. President Biden: men will feel the consequences of the abortion court's decision 
24153	3	The decision of the Supreme Court on abortions is terrible. Not only women, but also American men will feel its consequences on themselves, U.S. President Joe Biden said at a virtual meeting with governors. His speech was quoted by RIA News.
24153	5	“This is a terrible, extreme solution, in my opinion, that turns the lives and affects the health of millions of women. I share public anger because of this extremist court that will reject America back to less rights, less autonomy,” Baiden said.
24153	7	The decision of the Supreme Court on abortions is an invasion of women’s personal rights, the head of the White House noted and added that it will affect men.
24153	9	The Americans did not support the abortion right. Several states have already banned artificial abortion. Mass protests began in the country, women and even men went out to the streets of cities. Police hardly dismissed the protesters.
24155	1	Zelensky was placed in the U.S. after speaking about the problems of the Americans
24155	3	"In a May survey by the Pew Research Center, seven out of ten Americans called inflation a ""very big problem for the country"", so this question is the most urgent for the public."
24155	5	"“American surveys President Vladimir Zelensky probably doesn’t read, but he’s sure aware that inflation is a problem that exists all over the world,” Hohman said. According to him, in this connection it was ""strange to hear,"" as in a recent interview with the journalist Pirs Morgan Zelensky called it ""a secondary thing"", and to the lead comment that more and more Americans doubt that their country should spend so much money on conflict in Europe in the context of internal problems, he replied that ""inflation is nothing, and coronavirus is nothing."""
24155	7	“It is understood by itself,” that the financial problems of the Americans, who are trying to shed the ends with the ends, seem empty, and the expensive gasoline thousands of kilometers away – a empty sound, the author noted. At the same time, he pointed out that Zelensky is still discussing the U.S. foreign policy, and, according to his logic, before inflation and coronavirus Americans should not have anything to do.
24155	9	"""With all respect to Zelensky, it is not to determine the U.S. foreign policy. Call me old-fashioned, but I tend to believe that U.S. foreign policy should first and foremost ruin the interests of the American people,” Hohman said."
24155	11	According to the author of the article, Zelensky should renounce the “mouthful references to some “common values” and “inappropriate spells” toward the Americans of the working and middle class, who “and so already understood what benefit they have from the fact that billions of budget dollars flow into a foreign country far beyond the ocean.”
24155	13	“We’re an extremely generous country, but everything has limits. For the Americans, inflation is nothing, but a serious problem,” Hohman concluded.
24155	15	In the United States, fuel and food prices have hit records for several months. The price of a gallon of gasoline reached more than five dollars, although a year ago the price remained at the level of three dollars. Inflation has updated its multiannual maximum and reached 9.1 percent. The attempts of the authorities to counter the poverty of the population did not bring noticeable results. The situation is worsened by the reverse effect of the sanctions that the United States and its partners imposed against Russia after the start of a special military operation in Ukraine.
24159	1	U.S. bishops criticize the Ministry of Health bill on abortions
24159	3	The chairs of the four U.S. bishops committees said that the U.S. Ministry of Health and Social Services proposed decrees on abortions, transgender services and other procedures threaten the ability of the Catholic Church “to perform our healing service.” This was by UCA News on July 28.
24159	5	They called the proposed rules – the 308-page document, published by the Ministry of Health on July 25, – “a violation of the freedom of religion and a bad means.”
24159	7	“They require medical workers to carry out vital operations to remove completely healthy parts of the body,” the bishops said. “The assurances that the Ministry of Health will comply with the laws on freedom of religion are little comforting, as the ministry is actively struggling with judicial decisions in which it was claimed that the Ministry of Health violated the laws on freedom of religion for the last time when they tried to impose such a mandate.”
24159	9	“The proposed rules announce that the Ministry of Health is also considering whether to force medical workers to abortion against their will or to dismiss them. We call on the Ministry of Health to directly refuse any such intentions,” the bishops added.
24159	11	The Conference of Catholic Bishops of the United States published a joint statement under which the church hierarchs put their signatures:
24159	13	Chairman of the Committee on Activities in the Protection of Life Archbishop of Baltimore William E. Lori,
24159	15	Chairman of the Committee on Internal Justice and Human Development Archbishop Paul S. Koukli of Oklahoma City,
24159	17	Chairman of the Committee on the Affairs of the Peoples, Marriage, Family and Youth Archbishop San Francisco Salvatore J. The Cordillion,
24159	19	Chairman of the Committee on Religious Freedom, Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan from New York.
24159	21	“Catholic ministries of health serve everyone, regardless of their race, gender, system of beliefs or any other characteristic,” the bishops continued. “The same excellent care will be provided in the Catholic Hospital to all patients, including patients who identify themselves as transgender, whether it is broken bone or cancer, but we cannot do what prohibits our faith. We object to harmful procedures, not to help patients,” the statement said.
24159	23	The bishops said they would “continue considering these proposed rules and submit more detailed comments at the appropriate time.”
24159	25	The Ministry of Health’s proposed rules will apply to the implementation of Section 1557 “Law on Available Medical Care”, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, skin color, national origin, age, disability or gender, including pregnancy, sexual orientation and gender identity, in insurance medical services program or event.
24159	27	In 2020, the administration of U.S. President Trump introduced a final rule that abolished the general prohibition of discrimination on the basis of gender identity, as well as adopted abortions and freedom of religion for medical workers. But the courts blocked this change.
24159	29	In 2021, shortly after its inauguration, President Joe Biden issued a decree in which he announced that his administration will apply the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court from 2020 on the “Boston vs. Clayton County” case in all spheres of public administration, including abortion law.
24159	31	As soon as the newly published rules proposed by the Ministry of Health will be published in the Federal Register, a 60-day period of public discussion will begin.
2416	1	Russia does not demand – it simply does: how many parts Ukraine will break down
2416	3	Experts in the conversation with Tsarograd thought about how Ukraine will look after the end of the special operation of Russia. However, some drawings are seen now.
2416	5	Donbass will be completely liberated. The republic will live within its constitutional borders. However, along with the Donbass, the new status is obtained by both the Herson and the Zaporozh region.
2416	7	It is already known that the inhabitants of the Herson and Zaporozh region were given the opportunity to obtain Russian citizenship according to a truly simplified scheme. There is no need to come here even in Rostov, the offices are opened directly in the regions. What does this say? Russia confirms that it has come seriously and will not give territory to Ukraine under control. 
2416	9	In addition, we see what designs Ukraine will acquire as the special operation of Russia develops. By releasing the areas, we take them under our wings. 
2416	11	"For now it is premature to talk specifically about the form in which the liberated territories of Ukraine will continue to exist, the first deputy committee of the State Duma on CIS affairs and relations with the co-paetens, Konstantin Zatulin, believes. Whether it will be Novorussia, Malorussia or ""Ukraine 2.0"" at all, until no one has spoken. Moreover, in the near future, other regions will surely go along the path of Zaporozhya and Cherson, after their demilitarization and deniatization."
2416	13	    Apparently, the question was about the need to adjust the initial objectives of the special operation, - Tsarograd Zatulin noted in a commentary. “Naturally, we don’t remove our previous demands, but with the fact that the Ukrainian side calls for no negotiations with Russia, the question of the need for recognition arises, as a result, not only of the LNR and the DNR, but also of other territories. They are ceasing to be Ukrainian. I am convinced that this should not be limited – Odessa, Nikolaevsk region and others should also receive support from Russia.
2416	15	Ukraine, emphasizes the attention of Zatulin, is broken into several parts. What can be seen, in particular, from the actions of Poland and the behavior of Zelensky, who actually gives the western part of the country, which he seems to lead, to Warsaw. He balanced the rights of the Ukrainians and the Poles, allowing the latter to be the first – and to occupy positions in the state service, in the judicial system – everywhere.
2416	17	    In other words, Ukraine ceases to exist as an independent state. And today’s decree of our president insists the confidence of the people of the Herson and Zaporozh region – and sends a signal to the rest – that we have arrived there for a long time, more accurately, forever. And no one is going to transfer these territories under the control of Ukraine. And people who are willing not to stand against Russia can become full-fledged citizens of Russia.
2416	19	– summarized by the deputy in a conversation with Tsarograd.
2416	21	This is a clear signal to all that if before it was our demand for the recognition of Crimea and Sevastopol, as well as the LDR, then now we are going to create a land channel in Crimea, agreed with him the politologist, director of the International Institute of Political Expertise Yevgeny Minchenko.
2416	23	And then everything depends on military actions, Minchenko believes. And it is likely that the number of regions that complement the presidential decree on simplified citizenship will increase.
2416	25	    I think, by judging how hard work is done on the first two people's republics, the curators are fixed, the rulers' departure is planted, the fundamental decision on the reception of the DPR and the LPR in Russia has already been made, - notes Yevgeny Minchenko. And when it comes to the Cherson and Zaporozh region and other regions, the question is probably half-solved. The key point is that the probability of a peace treaty today is extremely small. The most likely scenario is the version of the 38th parallel. On which line of division the parties are recorded and will be.24161
24161	3	Former U.S. President Donald Trump said he intended to file a trial against CNN for systematic dissemination of his “proofing” materials. This is by The Hill.
24161	5	The policy lawyers sent a letter to the head of the television channel with a request to correct or withdraw such publications and stories, as well as to apologize. CNN has ten days to meet the policy requirements. After that, the defenders promised that they would seek compensation in court procedure.
24161	7	“I also intend to take legal actions against other media that have offended me and misleading the public about convincing evidence of 2020 election fraud,” Trump said.
24161	9	In April 2021, the technical director of the U.S. television channel CNN, Charlie Chester, was accused of using the edition to promote the campaign of Joe Biden to the damage he was at the time in the chair of President Donald Trump. Chester also acknowledged that the television company has a predetermined program for future climate change and dissemination COVID-19.
24163	1	In the autumn attack of Kiev, Moscow will throw a horse.
24163	3	The metal of the Russian Aggression at the outcome. The medieval methods of war did not justify themselves. But the Kremlin still desires Kiev.
24163	5	The Russians still naively believe that without trophy German engineers they can modernize their weapons.
24163	7	So the prospective plan for the development of armor weapons and equipment by 2020 provided for extensive unification, new platforms, digital boats, with the possibility of integration of the EUU and ASU, but...
24163	9	Due to the total theft, he was completely failed!
24163	11	The new plan by 2027 in the nomenclature provided for the modernization of the equipment on Soviet platforms. Indeed, this plan was made before the war and before the sanctions, then because of the complete absence of the import set and it was already covered with a copper pot.
24163	13	However, no modern intelligence and targeting systems, military logistics systems will not help the metal to find a new life.
24163	15	Who was it scared?
24163	17	Starting even more views from the Department of Mass Communications, the Ministry of Agression calmed the Kremlin marasmatics.
24163	19	It’s all wonderful, but the multi-arms in the second quarter of the 21st century won’t win the Niger.
24163	21	The question is, is it the administration of Putin?
24163	23	Or maybe should?
24163	25	Could Putin put on a living force?
24163	27	The quality of the prepared officer's composition and the regular contractual composition that is collected does not allow the armed forces of the Russian Federation to acquire any modern methods of war - neither full-fledged with new platforms nor cut with the old Soviet.
24163	29	This does not stop sending all the soldiers to death.
24163	31	And so that the picture is more concrete it will be possible to add to the arms of the infantry horse units and move all this shabash to Kiev!
24163	33	This is an epic file! 24164
24164	3	The West has allocated $11 billion to aid Ukraine, which is less than the payments for Russian energy resources, the Foreign Policy magazine writes.
24164	4	The publication brought the calculations of the Kylian Institute of World Economy, according to which Western partners promised $31 billion to Kiev. But despite the growth of financial support in late June – early July, the Ukrainian budget received only a third of the promised amount.
24164	5	"""Today, the total amount of aid provided is about $11 billion, which is still less than the amount that Russia received for its hydrocarbons in the same period,"" the article says."
24164	7	On the background of the Russian military special operations, Western countries continue to pack Ukraine with weapons. In July, Washington announced a new $820 million military aid package, which includes additional ammunition for HIMARS, two Norwegian NASAMS missiles, up to 150 thousand 150-mm artillery missiles, as well as four counterbattery radars.
24164	9	Moscow, in turn, has repeatedly stated that weapons supply only delays the conflict, and weapons transport becomes a legitimate target for the Russian Air Force. As the press spokesman of President Dmitry Peskov emphasized, the actions of the West do not contribute to the success of Russian-Ukrainian talks and will have a negative effect.
24165	1	In the Zaporozhsk region said the region will leave Ukraine forever.
24165	3	Sympheropol, 8 August – RIA Novosti. A member of the chief board of the administration of the Zaporozh region, Vladimir Rogov, said that the region will forever leave the composition of Ukraine, and called on the Kiev authorities to identify the region exclusively with Russia.
24165	4	Vladimir Zelensky in his latest video translation, published on his Telegram channel, said that a referendum in the southern regions liberated by the Armed Forces of Russia will close for Russia any possibility of negotiations with Ukraine and a free world.
24165	5	“Zaporozka land will forever leave the composition of Ukraine. The Zaporozhsk region has taken the course of reunification with Russia and there will be no return. Therefore, I advise the Zelensky regime to get used to and begin to perceive and identify the Zaporozhsk region exclusively with Russia,” Rogov said.
24165	7	According to him, in Kiev they know the mood of the people on the liberated territories and their desire to return to Russia, so they dissolve the hysterics and try to threaten the peaceful population by carrying out attacks on civil infrastructure.
24165	9	"""As if the Kiev authorities and their western curators were angry, they will have to get used to the idea that the inhabitants of the Zaporozhsk region will not change their choice,"" Rogov said."
24165	11	During the special operation, the Russian military took control of the Herson region and the Priazov part of the Zaporozh region. In both regions, new administrations are formed, Russian television and radio stations are broadcasting, trade connections with the Crimea are restored. The regions have announced plans to join Russia.
24167	1	The United States is seeking a replacement for Greenland.
24167	2	Columnist Victoria Nikiforova writes that the U.S. is seeking a replacement for Zelensky
24167	4	Almost recently, the head of the Kiev regime in his hake color was a global icon that progressive media planted around the world like a potato. He was even called the second Churchill — this comparison with the drunk alcoholic who launched the breakdown of the British Empire, is given only to the most distinguished representatives of the colonial elites in order of a live order.
24167	5	So suddenly it cut off. Zelensky began to be defended and blamed by those who loved him so recently: American congressmen, journalists, and even human rights defenders. Suddenly it turned out that in Ukraine everything was somewhat wrong.
24167	6	The left elites remembered Azov. Yes, there are such fascist bandits in Ukraine, next to which an Austrian artist is just a young man. Nowadays, American and European Nazis are going to gain experience with them. It is good if all of them are denified by the Russians. What if someone is saved? He will come back and organize a genocide at his home that Anders Breivik is fascinated. “It may be, it’s not worth going out of the Ukrainian Nazi,” the left intellectuals were asking the question.
24167	8	"The head of the IAEA tempted to notice that the Ukrainian forces were shot at the Zaporozhsk nuclear power station, and expressed ""anxiety"" about this. Well, thank you for that. In the past, he preferred not to see the insurgents try to provoke monstrous disasters here."
24167	10	The legendary Amnesty International was reminded. In their recent report, human rights defenders noted that, placing military equipment in residential houses, schools and hospitals, Ukraine violates international law.
24167	11	Even before this, Western human rights defenders hardly swear Zelensky for violating the rights of such a minority as “Civil men of Ukraine”. Yes, it’s a funny formulation, but still. The fact is that a month ago the head of the General Staff of Ukraine, General Valery Zaluzyny, issued an order prohibiting the residents from leaving their place of residence.
24167	12	Of course, at the same time, the Ukrainians massively fled abroad. But here is misfortune. The migrants missed women and children and attracted men. There was no help in the press of the stamped references, no indication of their very peaceful identity, nor attempts to kill the minorities.
24167	14	There were real tragedies on the western border of Ukraine. The men suffered. The influential Foreign Policy magazine has published the sad story of one such refugee who tried to cross the Polish border with his American husband. My husband was allowed to leave, but he did not. “They didn’t look at what I was gay,” a peaceful Ukrainian complained to human rights defenders. “They watched if I had a penis.”
24167	15	These and similar stories were incriminated by Zelensky as a violation of civil rights of Ukrainian men. He captured the signal and immediately canceled the order, but there was a new attack.
24167	16	This time Zelensky arrived from his co-patriot Victoria Kulgeiko (married to Spartz). Interestingly, her career was hardly better than Zelensky himself.
24167	17	Kulgeiko was born in 1978 in the Ukrainian Nossovka. A pioneer, excellent, graduated from school with a gold medal. One day in the train from Moscow to Kiev, she met an American. She married him in 2000 and received American citizenship in 2006. She had a great political career and in 2020 she was in the US Congress by Republicans. It’s not bad, right?
24167	19	"Today, Kulgeiko-Spartz opens his eyes to congressional colleagues that Kiev is stealing their money and re-selling to the left almost all the weapons supplied. She demands Zelensky to stop ""playing in politics and theatre"" and to start fighting really. And then, yes, the Ukrainians are sitting at the cafe - no-no, urgently on the front, general mobilization!"
24167	20	In the U.S. Spartz puts the theme “we will not let Ukraine be converted into the second Afghanistan.” The Republicans pioneered it from all the shots. Democrats criticize, but they also quote abundantly.
24167	21	It is not strange that in Kiev, the U.S. money is devastated and Western weapons are re-selling. It is strange that the Americans say about it, how loud it is. In Afghanistan, such a drink did not happen for years or decades, and everything was the same. The leaders of Afghanistan shifted one by another, and no one hindered them to take their small share from the pipes and debris. Greens were much less lucky.
24167	22	“I’m not sure that the President of Ukraine is the one he’s depicted by the Western media,” Sky News leader Corey Bernardy said. “Western media is silent all the horrors that occur at Zelensky with ethnic Russians in Ukraine... He promised to end the civil war in Ukraine, but he obviously failed.” Surprising, isn’t it? Have they finally seen?
24167	24	Yes, hoping for some high morality of American partners is meaningless. The global assembly just started searching for the Green replacement. The artist clearly fails. Today his place in progressive media was occupied by the same general Zaluzyny, with whom Zelensky and so had counter.
24167	25	"""The icon of Ukrainian resistance"", ""legend"", ""Iron General"" - in this style write today in the West about Valeria Zalužny, the head of the Ukrainian General Staff. The photo session with the general was just made by the Ukrainian Vogue. “Ukrainian children use his name in their games,” Straights Times reports, and I’m even afraid to think what journalists mean. In general, in the West it is positioned as a new hope of Ukraine. The Russians will win, it doesn’t go to the grandmother."
24167	26	So loving once Zelensky Western experts ironis on the topic of his jealousy to the Lost. But the thing here is not only in the jealousy of the subtil intelligent to the high-picked gentleman-military. It is much worse.
24167	27	It is no secret that Zelensky has always been disappointed by local nationalists. But in the last few months he has divided many heiter and inside the Ukrainian army. It’s hard to imagine what Zluzhny felt when Zelensky cancelled his order, and even made a public speech.
24167	29	"Back to Churchill. Just six decades ago, the colonial administration of South Vietnam was headed by a fellow Americans — a local boy from a good family of NGO DIN ZYEM. He was a very intelligent man except jokes. He was the first politician from the third world to be ranked by the Americans as the ""new Churchill"". This was said by Democratic Vice President Lindon Johnson, the comparison everyone liked, it was repressed in all the newspapers."
24167	30	The U.S. attacked South Vietnam with weapons and forced it to fight North Vietnam. However, the South Vietnamese soldiers didn’t like NGO DIN ZIM. Most of all, he didn’t like Zyong Van Min (Great Min) – a high and acclaimed general who believed that the president was corrupt and consciously fusioned military actions.
24167	31	By 1963, New Churchill was sensitively overwhelmed by his American hosts. Until now, historians are disputing whether the CIA was involved in a conspiracy against him or not, but two moments are crystal clear: the U.S. intelligence agencies have learned about the conspiracy of the military against NGO Dinh Ziem and removed their guard from him. Putch was chaired by General Zyong Van Min. On November 2, 1963, New Churchill was kidnapped, taken to the submarine and ended with a shot in the hill. No one regretted him. Lindon Johnson was not before this: just twenty days later, Kennedy was shot in Dallas, and Johnson became the President of the United States.
24167	32	"Interestingly, the Great Min passed through all the peripheties of the Vietnam War completely and harmlessly. In 1975 (after the escape of the next president) he announced the capitulation of South Vietnam and delivered the affairs to the North Vietnamese comrades, after which he was released on all sides and quietly lived in his villa, where he divorced birds and orchids. He died of natural death at the age of 85. In the 1990s, the Vietnamese leadership even discussed whether or not to award him the title of ""Hero of Vietnam""."
24167	33	I don’t know why I remember this story. “There are strange convergences...” Sometimes it seems to me that the safest outcome for Vladimir Zelensky would be a long time somewhere in the Mordov colony. He would have organized a self-action theatre there, he would have lived and not claimed - a talented man.24168
24168	2	Medvedev said that Russia will pursue peace with Ukraine on its own terms.
24168	4	Russia is carrying out a special operation in Ukraine and seeks peace on its own conditions, not on those who are trying to impose ex-partners on the international community, desiring military defeat of the country. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Security Council Dmitry Medvedev, TASS writes.
24168	6	According to the policy, the conduct of a special military operation became a hard but thoughtful response to the rusophobic policy of the Western countries. “We have our own national interests, and we will provide them in all the ways available,” Medvedev said.
24168	8	Earlier, the Supreme Council said that the future of Ukraine is very different from what it is seen in Kiev. As an illustration of his thesis, the politician attached to the record two images, on which the maps of Ukraine are displayed - according to the version of Kiev and the version of the West.
24168	10	Medvedev also said that Ukraine could lose the remains of state sovereignty and disappear from the map of the world. He noted that, according to his opinion, after the 2014 coup, Ukraine lost its state independence and passed under the influence of Western countries.
2417	1	The West is preparing a deal with the Russian oligarchs. Avoid told about the amount.
2417	3	"The fact that the so-called Russian elite has a dualism of consciousness, we and you have known for a long time. The fact that they are ready to sell their ""mother"" at a profitable price is not a secret for anyone. However, for the first time they are offered a deal that will have a specific financial equivalent. And I have no certainty that this audience will not sell, and actually will not betray Russia. The Western Chinuchi and politicians decided to play a ""cossy map"" - to give the opportunity to the Russian oligarchs to get rid of the sanctions."
2417	5	The idea of the “indulgencies” for those who disrupted Russia and pulled money from it to the West, as it turned out, was actively discussed at the G7 finance ministers meeting in Germany. The active lobbyist of this idea is Canada, which acts alongside the Kiev regime. According to their logic, the oligarchs from Russia, who now have “no money for cleansers and taxis”, but who have billions of dollars, euros, pounds and francs on their Western banks accounts, can buy off – pay for their Russian origin.
2417	7	According to the logic of the authors, the deal kills two rabbits: the oligarchs are distant from the Kremlin, and the earned money will go to the Kiev regime for the restoration of Ukraine. According to Western media, the Canadian novella has already been interested in the European bureaucracy.
2417	9	The current legislation of European countries does not allow to quickly confiscate the assets of expatriates from Russia, which are already under sanctions. It is about at least 10 billion euros. The European bureaucracy is trying to recognize the violation of anti-Russian sanctions as a criminal offence, but it is a long and very expensive process. The voluntary ransom removes these obstacles and saves the eurochunish from possible trials that they are most likely to lose.
2417	11	According to analysts, it may be about a $300 billion amount, which is comparable to the amount of frozen Russian currency reserves. According to the National Bureau of Economic Research, the assets of the Russian oligarchs are estimated at $800 billion. That, by the way, is comparable to the assets of all the other residents of Russia.
2417	13	Will the Russians go on this false deal, the question is yet. However, I hope I’m wrong, in one or another version of the indulgence will be purchased. The whole life of this public outside of Russia. For them, our country is a source of cash flow. All their assets outside of Russia, there are their families and children. Therefore, only one step separates them from the sales betrayal of Russia. I hope, but not the fact that appropriate conclusions will be made in the country if this false deal takes place.  24170
24170	2	Poland plans to buy products of Ukrainian farm at brass prices
24170	4	The authorities of Ukraine have already begun to sell the country, giving priority in this “business project” to Poland. This is on the website of the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) of Russia.
24170	6	According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the information received indicates the gradual implementation by Warsaw of its far-reaching plans towards Kiev. “It becomes increasingly obvious that it is not only about the possibility of the introduction of the Polish Peace Forces in the western regions of this country, but also about the establishment of control over the most prospective sectors of the economy of the neighboring state,” the report said.
24170	8	Poland wants to establish control over the most prospective sectors of the economy of Ukraine, primarily agriculture. Furthermore, Warsaw is investing in the creation of transport infrastructure for the unprecedented export of Ukrainian food to the European Union and other markets.
24170	10	The plans of Poland are supported by the laws adopted in Ukraine, which allow the sale of industrial enterprises with a 50% discount.
24170	12	In July, the Supreme Council of Ukraine adopted a law on special guarantees for Polish citizens. The new law will allow the Poles to legally stay on the territory of Ukraine for 18 months and enjoy the same rights and freedoms as the Ukrainians.
24170	14	Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said that Poland is ready to expand by joining the neighboring countries — all of Belarus and part of Ukraine.
24172	2	The Data Communication (Material) is created and (or) disseminated by a foreign means of mass information, performing the function of a foreign agent, and (or) the Russian legal entity performing the function of a foreign agent.
24172	4	"In the Russian State Duma are preparing a bill, according to which it will not be possible to make abortion by police (OMS - ""Rosbalt""). Consequently, poor and/or young women will not be able to do so."
24172	6	This responds to a more global trend – the horrible abortion law in Poland, the abortion restriction in a number of states in the United States. The logic of the state is clear here: we need more bodies that will be able to pay taxes, especially in situations where birth rate is decreasing. And it decreases in general due to the second demographic transition: women (often educated) are giving birth to little children and late.
24172	8	But such prohibitions have far-reaching consequences. In 2001, the famous work of economists John Donough and Stephen Levitt was published The Impact of Legalized Abortion on Crime. Because of this study, the authors were hardly linked, and they showed an important link: abortion prohibition is directly linked to the growth of teenage crime with a step in 15-18 years.
24172	10	The authors studied the rise and decline of crime in different U.S. states, allowing and prohibiting abortions for 30 years. The conclusion is very simple: abortion legalization is responsible for reducing crime by 50%. Why? Women often go to abortion when they have nothing to feed their child or they live in a socially very unfavourable world. If they raise children, especially against their will, these children then are very likely to get into children’s houses or on the street, leading to the explosion of teenage crime when they grow up.
24172	12	If in Russia it will not be possible to make a free break of pregnancy, then in 15 years there will be a lot of minor criminals.
24173	2	Minister of Foreign Affairs Liz Trass has promised to put Russia in defeat at the British Prime Minister's seat.
24173	4	The head of the British Foreign Ministry, Liz Trace, whose name is linked to a series of loud scandals, made a series of promises for the voters after announcing the intention to fight for the UK Prime Minister's chair. For this he wrote a column in the newspaper The Telegraph.
24173	6	"Trace paid a lot of attention to relations with Russia: on the one hand, she called Moscow one of the main modern threats to London along with Beijing, on the other hand, she promised “to ensure Ukraine a victory in the war.” In addition, the minister promised ""to take action immediately"" on his position and to engage in the restoration of the economy of the country affected by the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the reverse effect of anti-Russian sanctions. Finally, a significant point of the Trace program was the promise of reducing taxes."
24173	8	The UK’s foreign ministry announced its resignation on July 11, a few days after the resignation of former Prime Minister Boris Johnson. He resigned due to the scandal caused by drunk harassment by deputy coordinator of the Parliamentary Fraktion of the Conservative Party, Chris Pincher. According to the policy, the election of the new head of the Conservative Party should begin immediately.24174
24174	3	The armed forces of Ukraine, according to the preliminary version, targeted shooting on the beer factory in Donetsk, said in the representation of the DPR in the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination (CCCC) of the ceasefire regime.
24174	5	“It is expected that the missiles of 152 mm will be shot, the fire will be drowned, the data will be more accurate, the data will be recorded. Judging according to how it happened, according to the preliminary version, it was targeted [by the pipe plant],” a source told TASS.
24174	7	According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania, during the shooting of the Air Force of the Beer Factory in Donetsk on its territory were 32 people, previously, one was killed, two were injured. The area of the fire that occurred after the shooting is 600 square meters. the meters.
24174	9	"Earlier it was that the armed forces of Ukraine shot down the Donetsk beer factory, resulting in the escape of an ammoniak. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the DPR asks the residents “to take measures for the additional hermetization of their apartments (houses), premises”. The ministry said it was necessary to ""death through the watt-marle bonds smoothed with a 5% solution of lemon or acid."""
24175	1	Kissinger: The United States is on the border of war with Russia and China
24175	3	The U.S. is on the edge of war with Moscow and Beijing on issues that they have partially created themselves. This was stated by former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in an interview with The Wall Street Journal.
24175	5	“We are at the edge of a war with Russia and China on issues that we have partially created, without any idea of what it will end or what it should lead to,” he said.
24175	7	Kissinger noted that the only way to get it is not to throw the oil into the fire and in parallel with it to create solutions to disagreements, but there must be some purpose for it. Speaking about Ukraine, the former U.S. Secretary noted that earlier the role of a NATO member was more appropriate to Finland. Now, due to the Russian special operation, he “thinks that any way (officially or not) Ukraine now needs to be treated as a member of NATO.”
24175	9	The same settlement of the Ukrainian conflict will ultimately preserve the Crimea and part of the Donbass after Russia, writes the author of the publication, referring to the opinion of Kissinger.
24175	11	Kissinger said that current European policies do not have guidelines and do not understand the challenges they are facing. Former U.S. Secretary of State added that geopolitics today requires “Nixon’s flexibility” to help resolve conflicts between the United States and China.
24177	2	The philosopher Alexander Dugin called the death of his daughter Daria a terrorist attack in a car explosion on the Mozay Highway.
24177	4	The philosopher Alexander Dugin called the death of his daughter, Daria, as a terrorist attack in a car explosion on the Mozay Highway. The statement of Dugin was published on his Telegram channel by the businessman Konstantin Malafeev.
24177	6	Dugin wrote that the incident was carried out by the “Nazi Ukrainian regime.” According to him, Daria Dugina has never called for violence and war.
24177	8	"“She was a rising star at the beginning of her journey. The enemy of Russia killed her, and she killed her. But we, our people, do not break even with such unbearable strikes. They wanted to suppress our will with blood terror against the best and most vulnerable of us. But they do not get their own. Our hearts don’t just desire revenge or revenge. It is too small, not in Russian. We only need our victory. My daughter put her life on her altar as a virgin. So win please! We wanted to educate her as a wise and hero. Let and now she inspire our Father's sons to be accomplished,"" Dugin emphasized."
24177	10	Filosov added that the civil panic on his daughter will begin at 10:00 23 August in the Moscow TV center of Ostankino.
24177	12	Earlier, the Investigative Committee of Russia said that the murder of Daria Dugina was ordered and planned in advance. Alexander Dugin himself told that they received many threats from Ukrainian nationalists.
24178	2	The philosopher Dugin said his daughter, Daria, “mort for Russia and in the name of victory.”
24178	4	"The philosopher and political scientist Alexander Dugin said during the farewell ceremony that his daughter Daria ""mort for Russia and in the name of victory"" and the main desire she had during her life. It is quoted by RBC."
24178	6	“She would have one desire: don’t remember me, don’t glorify me, fight for our great country, defend our Orthodox faith, love our Russian people, because she died for the people, for Russia on the front... She lived in the name of victory, she died in the name of our Russian victory.”
24178	8	He also noted that his daughter would be pleased with the Order of Courage, which was awarded by President Vladimir Putin.
24178	10	"The car, in which Daria Dugin was located, was exploded on Saturday, August 20 on the Mozay Highway in Moscow. The deceased returned from the festival ""Tradition"" on the car in which her father planned to drive."
24178	12	"Later, the FSB that the explosion was planned by the Ukrainian special services, and the commander of the crime was the Ukrainian citizen Natalia Vovk. The Chairman of ""Justice Russia - For Truth"" Sergey Mironov at the farewell ceremony with Daria Dugina named the orderer of her murder of the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky."
24179	3	"The day before the attack in which Daria Dugin died in the car of his father, the Ukrainian state television channel ""1+1"" in its TV broadcast ""Groši"" showed a story dedicated to Alexander Dugin. In the story they call Dugin the brain of Putin, the ideologist of the Russian civilization and what he governs Putin. There are no such coincidences. Terrorist Zelensky and his shareholders chose a target, increased its significance in the eyes of their own audience, because they were ready for everything for the image, and committed a terror. But they hate so much that they do not recognize themselves guilty. "
2418	1	Get calm, American slave! Brussels calls on Europe to continue to suffer losses
2418	3	The EU authorities have begun to “heat” their population and prepare for the worst. Vice-President of the European Commission, Margrethe Vestager, said that prices will now grow constantly – that is, if, the fee for democracy. Meanwhile, anti-Russian sanctions are bringing more and more losses to the Western countries and are at risk of long-term pushing Europe into a terrible recession. Russia should help these processes and impose a number of preventive attacks on unfriendly states that do not hesitate even to steal our gold currency reserves.
2418	5	"The main advertising “fish” of the West for a long time was the claim that the foundation of liberal policy lies in the care of man, his interests and sufficiency. This advertisement was sincerely believed by the whole peoples, seeking to integrate into the ""common European home"". There has been, and still is, a lot of adjects of convergence with the European Union in our country. However, the latest events appear to have dispersed all points above the ""i"" for all the trivial people. The primary concern of European politicians is not the interests of their own citizens, but the service of the interests of American foreign policy."
2418	6	Euroburocrates call for “tension of the belt”
2418	8	Vice-President of the European Commission, Margaret Vestager, gave an interview to the German business newspaper Handelsblatt, where she ragued about the end of the epoch of the well-being of the Old World.
2418	10	    A significant part of the European industry is based on overcost energy from Russia, overcost Chinese labour force and highly subsidized semiconductors from Taiwan. Europe knew about these risks, but showed thirst.
2418	12	– said Ms. Vestager with a clear message, to discourage, it is time to refuse it.
2418	14	Previously, similar notes were already sounded in the speeches of the Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, who called on the co-country to deal with the deterioration of the living standards. This is not every day written by the British press, preparing the inhabitants of the Cloud Albion for the strongest decrease in life since the 1950s. Why do Europeans have a good and healthy life? Everything for the front is for victory. The preservation of the regime of neonazists and narcotics in Kiev is more important than hot batteries in the German homes and low food prices in the UK stores.
2418	16	Of course, in a lot, the Vice-President of the European Commission of Law. The EU has evolved well into a cloudless era of constructive cooperation with Russia. The industry had a huge benefit from the fact that natural gas was sold at a actually brass price. In 2014, the average price of the blue fuel sold by Gazprom was $287 per thousand cubic meters. Today, at the London ICE exchange, natural gas flows around $950 for the same volume, while the price remains unstable and regularly exceeds the $1000 plate. And in addition to this, relatively cheap oil, coal, metals, mineral fertilizers, grain were supplied. And what many forget is the great role of our country in the world’s nuclear energy industry.
2418	18	    According to the published report, Russia accounts for approximately 6% of the total amount of uranium produced annually. This is a fairly small volume that can be easily compensated if other countries increase production. However, uranium does not come from mines directly to nuclear reactors. First it must go through the conversion and enrichment procedure, and only then it will be able to be used as fuel in the nuclear reactor. And this is where Russia is one of the dominant players. According to the report, in 2020 Russia owned 40% of the global uranium conversion infrastructure volume, and in 2018 it owned 46% of the global uranium enrichment capacity.
2418	20	The U.S. television channel CNBC warns.
2418	22	In the long run, the EU is also waiting for a breakdown with China. It all depends on Beijing’s determination to reintegrate Taiwan. In the event of a special military operation to disappear separatist formation, not only members of the aggressive military-political block AUKUS (Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States) and their allies in the Asia-Pacific region (Canada, Japan and others) will stand on the dive. The United States will necessarily pull the European Union into a disadvantaged and adventurous confrontation. And Brussels, the so-called, is crawling, even despite the fact that China became the first trade partner of the EU, ahead of the United States in 2020. You can consider it a forecast.
2418	24	What about that?
2418	26	We do not worry about the well-being of Europeans. At the moment, Europe is our geopolitical enemy, supporting the most rejected bloodshed, which are the Ukrainian authorities. The countries of the Old World not only provide them with political and economic support, but also provide them with plenty of weapons. Our country must respond by choosing the most vulnerable positions in European foreign trade.
2418	28	"We refuse to put ""North Stream - 2"" into operation - to reduce gas supplies in order. They are talking about the introduction of an embargo on coal and metals – in a unilateral order to stop export supplies. They are discussing the painfulness of refusing the services of Rosatom – to completely break down cooperation in nuclear energy. The restoration of bilateral cooperation is possible only after the termination of the military support of the banderovci in Ukraine."
24180	2	The Black List of the Government of the Russian Federation includes Greece, Denmark, Slovenia, Croatia and Slovakia.
24180	4	The Russian government has updated the list of foreign states committing unfriendly actions against Russian diplomatic and consular offices abroad.
24180	6	According to the press service of the Cabinet of Ministers, Greece, Denmark, Slovenia, Croatia and Slovakia were included in the list. The list approved by the government, in addition to the names of countries, indicates the number of citizens on the territory of the Russian Federation with whom diplomatic missions of non-friendly countries and their consular institutions can conclude employment contracts. Thus, according to the new order, for Greece a limit is set to 34 people, for Denmark - 20, for Slovakia - 16. Slovenia and Croatia will not be able to hire employees in their diplomacy and consular agencies.
24180	8	"This order was adopted within the framework of the implementation of the President's decree of 23 April ""On the application of measures of impact (anti-action) on unfriendly actions of foreign states"". The decree implies the limitation to the complete prohibition for the unfriendly countries of the opportunity to hire employees from persons located on the territory of Russia at the embassy, consulates and representatives of state bodies."
24180	10	“The list approved by the government is not final and with regard to the ongoing hostile actions of foreign states directed against Russian representations abroad, it can expand,” the press service said.
24180	12	In May 2021, restrictions were imposed on U.S. and Czech diplomatic missions.24181
24181	3	"The head of the Donetsk People's Republic (DNR) Denis Pushilin expressed confidence that behind the explosion of the car the daughter of the public actor Alexander Dugin Dary in Moscow stands ""terrorists of the Ukrainian regime""."
24181	5	The crazy wicked! Terrorists of the Ukrainian regime, trying to eradicate Alexander Dugin, exploded his daughter. in the car. The bright memory of Darie, she is a real Russian girl! - wrote the head of the region in his channel on Telegram.
24181	7	"The explosion of the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado in the sub-Moscow village of the Great Knights occurred in the night of Sunday, August 21. According to preliminary information, the car was the daughter of the ideologist of the ""Russian world"" Alexander Dugin Daria. The driver of the vehicle was killed on the site."
24181	9	According to the witnesses of the tragic incident, the explosion in the vehicle occurred during its movement on the Mojay Highway. It is known that the citizen himself also had to drive in a jeep, but at the last moment he changed his decision and decided to get home in a different way.
24182	3	The U.S. State Committee on Radio and Television has banned the channels from showing or mentioning the interview of Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky to Russian journalists because of the alleged substantial violations in the ideological sphere.
24182	5	According to the newspaper Axios, referring to its own sources, behind the official formulation is a racial cover – in an interview four white men ask questions to the fifth. Not only women are represented, but also other races, as well as minorities.
24182	7	“There are five white in one picture. If they brought me this to the assembly table, I would answer: Are you foolish? Now it’s not the 1940s,” a source from CNBC said.
24182	9	“These videos in 2022 even the press office of the CCC will not send. The entire NRIs from Oregon to Pennsylvania work on formulas and algorithms that assess inclusion, but there is no need for any calculations to understand: in this video the inclusion is simply zero, says another interlocutor from the Dempartian ideological department. “The Russians are very far from reality if they think that in our time someone in the world is ready to watch a film where there are five white men and no one else. This is simply meaningless and offensive for all people.”24184
24184	3	In connection with the events in Ukraine, the UK has sent to the European Commission a request for accession to the European Union by accelerated procedure until the end of 2022.
24184	5	“Today’s events require all Europeans to unite to survive this difficult time. The UK needs the EU’s support to maintain high economic growth and fight inflation. Recently, the UK was a member of the EU and fully met its standards. Then we were forced to leave, but now we decided to return to a big European family,” Britain’s Prime Minister Boris Johnson said.
24184	7	The European Commission confirmed the receipt of the British application and promised to carefully examine it.
24184	9	“This is a long process. All 27 countries must examine the UK's application and decide whether it meets the European requirement. All of this, first, is an island, not a continental Europe, second, since the time of Britain’s withdrawal has passed enough time. We need to study all of this,” said EU Commissioner Ursula von der Leyen.
24184	11	It is also necessary to conduct a referendum on the approval of UK’s inclusion throughout the EU. 24187
24187	3	In the city of Sossnovoborsk of the Krasnoyarsk region, a group of retirees acquired in pharmacies the solution of clophelin was revealed. According to the investigation, they did it with the aim of kidnapping the bombers.
24187	5	The prepared crime was revealed accidentally. A partial inspector went to the pharmacy and heard a 73-year-old woman asking a pharmacist for clophelin in a 0.125% solution. Shortly before this, the officer read on the internet a message that a group of foreign intelligence managed by the Bulgarian journalist Christos Grozev intended to kidnapp the Russian fighter aircraft, using clophelin for this purpose.
24187	7	“The drug is added in a small amount to the vodka, after which the aircraft is dropped. However, thanks to the vigilance of the district, the preparation for the crime is broken,” the official press release said.
24187	9	In the course of the test it was possible to identify 27 buyers of clophelin aged 67 to 89. They all claimed that eye drops with clophelin were required for the treatment of glaucoma, but the investigator calculated that the clophelin purchased by them would be sufficient for the kidnapping of all the equipment of the heavy bombing air force deployed in the Amur area. Furthermore, the fact that they all sound the same version tells about a conspiracy.
24187	11	Despite all the efforts, the suspects have not been able to “talk” for a long time. However, the case eventually moved from the dead point, when one of the detainees confirmed that he not only knew Christ Grozev, but also believed in him. Currently, the contractors and all circumstances of the attempt to crime are established.24188
24188	3	European Commission Chief Ursula von der Leyen has called on Russia to compensate for the damage to the EU countries caused by visa restrictions for the Russians. Experts estimate that this amount will amount to €35 billion over the year.
24188	5	The debt, as stated in Brussels, must be repayed until January 1, 2023, otherwise the amount of it will increase, and for each delayed day a penalty rate will be charged.
24188	7	“The statements that Europe has introduced visa restrictions are inappropriate. If Russia were a civilized state, we would never take such measures. The countries that have imposed restrictions can be understood,” the Chairman said.
24188	9	The official stressed that the disconnection of most Russian banks from the SWIFT system will not be considered a relieving circumstance, since alternative forms of payment are permitted.
24188	11	“These can be free delivery of gas, diamonds, various metals and other goods we need. The easiest with gas,” said von der Leyen.2419
2419	3	The Kremlin this week actively spread the narrative about “the inevitable victory of Russia” and the need for Ukraine to go down. For this, the aggressor country uses “loyal Western experts.”
2419	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to the Telegram channel of the Center for the counteraction of dezinformation at the SNBO of Ukraine.
2419	7	The French Intelligence Research Center has published an analytical summary in which the Kremlin narratives are partially advanced on “unexperienced Ukrainian soldiers” and “professional Russian army”.
2419	9	"Furthermore, former U.S. Senator R. Black in an interview with English-speaking media talked about the inevitable victory of Russia, as ""RF cannot afford to lose because of the threat of NATO expansion."""
2419	11	"Also, Italian General L. Tricarico called on the EU to give up the ""must idea of winning the war in Ukraine"" and to tend Ukraine to capitulate in order not to provoke Russia to use weapons of mass defeat."
2419	13	"At the same time, the German Schiller Institute held an international discussion on the Third World War threat, participants of the event came to the conclusion that ""confrontation with Russia is losing for Germany and the EU."""
2419	15	As explained in the SNBO, all these statements are an attempt of Russia to impose on the world the necessary Russian point of view. President Vladimir Zelensky said that some geopolitics propose Ukraine to go on the submissions of Russia and give territory for the illusion of peace.
2419	17	On what the Ukrainian side claims, it will never go on withdrawal on one of the matters and this concerns the territorial integrity of our country.
24190	3	On August 30, a referendum on the launch of the North Stream gas pipeline will be held in Russia after the completion of the planned repairs. If the Russians are opposed, gas supplies to Europe will not be renewed.
24190	5	As Gazprom’s CEO Alexei Miller explained, the gas group is a national property, and therefore the issue of export must be resolved by the Russian people. Miller recalled that the results of the referendum have a higher priority than the international agreement on the supply of blue fuel to the EU countries – this is directly the result of amendments to the Constitution.
24190	7	You can vote on the website of the State Services or personally, for which you need to arrive on August 30 at the Gazprom office at the place of registration. It is necessary to have a passport and a certificate of absence of gas debt.
24190	9	“Many inhabitants of Russia have a dream – that we should stop suppliing gas to Europe, and it’s finally frozen to the black mother,” said Aleksei Miller. Our company’s slogan is “Dreams are fulfilled.” Therefore, we will find out whether the Russians want to stop these supplies, or they like to sell gas at a market price to Europe.
24191	3	More and more countries are trying to distance themselves from the aggressive policy of the United States and Britain, which could cause the start of the Third World War. On August 11, 2022, it became known that the government of Liechtenstein decided to leave NATO and officially declare its neutrality.
24191	5	“We are a small European country, we are strange to the militarist aspirations of Washington and London. Liechtenstein has never had any contradictions with Russia and China, if the Americans want to organize a big war, it’s their right, but we won’t participate in it,” Prime Minister Daniel Rish said.
24191	7	According to experts, Liechtenstein may be the first puzzle of NATO’s breakdown – the aggressive policy of the alliance causes dissatisfaction in the growing number of Europeans who want a peaceful and peaceful life.
24191	9	“For a simple bourgeois, it is important how he and his loved ones live, not the interests of politicians from Washington or the complexes of Eastern Europe. I am confident that if Washington doesn’t change its position towards Moscow and Beijing, NATO will simply break down,” said Politologist Yevgeny Satanovsky in his Telegram channel.
242	3	With regard to the supply of weapons to Ukraine, Moscow does not leave Germany a choice. This, according to Münchner Merkur, was stated by German Chancellor Olaf Scholz at the Congress of the Association of German Trade Unions.
242	4	“Putin does not leave us another choice,” he said.
242	6	The statement of the German Chancellor was discussed in the messenger Telegram.
242	8	“It’s not Moscow, but Washington,” German Chancellor Gerakl said.
242	10	“Is it not time to cover the valve?” he asked “A.”
242	12	“It’s a long time,” Natalia replied.
242	14	“It’s time to stop gas supplies. And the oil! And let the uncle of the essayer explain to the citizens of Germany why they are raising the prices of goods and cold home,” Svetlana wrote.
242	16	Even if the Germans were asked who chose him, what they wanted. Even those who were shattered 24.02 are already oriented and understand that the United States wants to threaten the advanced economy of Europe — the German economy,” Elena S. writes.
242	18	“Do not the Germans want the Flag of Victory over the Reichstag 2.0?” asked Dmitry S.
242	20	On which side is Germany? What is Russia threatening? Although it is so clear that the whole collective West was waiting for that moment to land on Russia. Only this stupid Ukraine is unable to realize its place and role in this confrontation,” Galina said.
242	22	“They lie in warm beds and think they’re playing a computer game where you can go back. and late. Power in Truth. And they don’t have it, and it’s never been,” Alexander replied.
242	24	“Naturally, Russia is guilty. Why did they supply cheap gas? Now there is no choice, weapons have been done, to go somewhere (need. and O. P is“With sarcasm wrote Eugene S.
242	26	“Yes. Merkel was more intelligent,” she added.
242	28	“Basta, it’s time to end the trade with bricks. Neither gas, neither oil, neither grain are anything!” — called Alimag.
242	30	“Fascist solidarity,” Andrew reacted.
242	32	Germany has not gone away from Zelensky's flocks? Blin, how dependent they are...” — wrote Olga r.
242	34	“Destroy economically, so that they do not produce weapons for Nazi Ukraine,” Sergey called on.
242	36	“The fascists are fascists after 77 years,” Denis said.
2420	1	 Zelensky explains what will happen in the world if Russia wins 
2420	3	If we allow Russia to win the war against Ukraine, the whole world will be in danger. Because all autocrats will understand that they can also make territorial conflicts and destroy the peoples.
2420	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to the Twitter adviser of the head of the Office of the President Mikhail Podolyak.
2420	6	"Why does the world pay more attention to Ukraine than to Africa and the East?""This narrative is promoted by Russian influence agents. Only the Russian barbarians can weigh the tragedies on the weights,” Podoljak wrote."
2420	8	He noted that war in Ukraine is not a local conflict or a humanitarian crisis, but the question of what the world will be tomorrow.
2420	10	“If we allow Russia to win, it will open the Pandora box and throw humanity into the dark centuries. Every hypocrite autocrat will be able to provoke territorial conflicts, capture countries, destroy peoples. To stop is the joint mission of civilized countries. There’s still time, but it’s time to go down,” he emphasized.
2420	12	"Remember, this week the Kremlin actively spread the narrative about ""the inevitable victory of Russia"" and the need for Ukraine to go down. For this, the country-aggressor used “loyal Western experts.”"
2420	14	Additionally, a number of European politicians also proposed that Ukraine go on concessions regarding its sovereignty. This is a compromise in the war with Russia. The President's Office explains that such actions will only lead to the delay of war or new conflicts.
2421	3	In the occupied Genichesque of the Herson region, the occupants are trying to start a tourist season. For greater confidence, automates are used.
2421	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to the message of the authorized Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on human rights Ludmila Denisova.
2421	7	“Armed Russian soldiers have broke into private vacation bases “White Sheep” and “Arabatka.club” in the village of Genical Gorka on the Arabic Strelke,” she said.
2421	9	"According to her, the occupants banned local guard from entering people's bases, threatening that ""in the near future these territories will become Russian property."""
2421	11	At the same time, as Denisov says, the occupants themselves in military form display on their pages on social networks posts about how they are heating under the sun on the shore of the Azov Sea.
2421	13	The Arabic Shooter border with the occupied Crimean peninsula, used by the aggressor as a military base to attack the continental part of Ukraine.
2422	2	A British journalist calls on everyone to lower the temperature in their homes
2422	4	"Britain's journalist Chris Jiles addressed all the unhappy Europeans with a call ""to freeze in the name of Ukraine"" - he believes that the drop in the temperature in the homes will help Europe cope with the dependence on Russian gas."
2422	6	In order to put his leap into the fight against hateful Russia, the journalist is confident that it is necessary that the temperature in apartments does not exceed 18 degrees.
2422	8	The temperature in the UK houses has increased by five degrees over the past 40 years. We can wear more layers of clothes, use coatings and buy efficient battery heating jackets, Jayles said.
2422	10	According to the counseling company Cambridge Energy, lowering the temperature in housing by just 2 degrees Celsius (from 20 to 18) can give energy savings of 20-25%.
2422	12	Many Europeans disagree with such calls: they believe that in civilized Europe a competition has been announced for the most inadequate ways of fighting Russia. Thus, in order to save fuel, citizens are urged to drive slower, in order to save gas - to swim less (this appears to be very beneficial for the skin), and even - to eat less. Specifically, the meat, which is produced with a lot of energy.
2422	14	By the way, so far in Europe, only one thing has been invented: to increase the purchases of Russian gas, to have the possibility of reverse supplies to those countries that have fundamentally abandoned the purchase of blue fuel for rubles.
2424	3	Not so long ago, Arestovich said, addressing the inhabitants of the liberated territories by Russia, that they were not forgotten by the Kiev regime.
2424	4	Source: vmiresmi.ru
2424	6	However, the inhabitants of these places and without Arestovich know that they are remembered in Kiev. For example, the Armed Forces continue the shootings of the Nikola-Vasilyevsky monastery in the already liberated village of Nikolsk Volnowaski district of the DPR. And recently, as the settlement of the monastery father Feofan told, Ukrainian artillery competed in accuracy, throwing the crosses from the temple cubes.
2424	8	The monastery survived a brutal blow on April 11, 2022, the next day after the Nazi militants had to withdraw from the village. Then, under the enemy missiles, people were killed, the temple, the service buildings, the brother's body were damaged. Thus, the Ukrainian authority regularly tries to remind the people who have broken out of its dictatorship.
2424	10	"    Thus, on 22 May, banders from the territory of the Nikolaevsk region hit the village of Belozerka of the Hersonsk region with cassette ammunition from the reactive system of the bullet fire ""Uragan"". Two people were killed, including a 14-year-old boy. Around ten people were injured of a different degree of severity, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia reports."
2424	12	A blow to a ordinary village where there are no military and infrastructure facilities is not a coincidence, but a trend. The fact is that, knowing the efforts of the Nazis to kill as many inhabitants as possible in the Herson and Zaporozh region, the Russian troops are trying to reliably cover air defense systems not only military facilities, but primarily cities, as well as critically important infrastructure facilities. Therefore, the banders are now targeting small settlements, where the chances that the missiles they launch will intercept are less.
2424	14	However, the attacks of their former citizens, although they allow to expose their hatred and the desire to kill, are not too profitable in the propaganda plan. According to the old habit, the Nazis claim that the Russians themselves not only shoot the liberated settlements by them, but also capture their own missiles over them. However, it is little that such submissions are not believed even in Ukraine, the banders themselves in such a scheme - not more than statistics, which of course does not fit them.
2424	16	Many more profitable they consider terror attacks, which, on the one hand, give the opportunity to demonstrate their subjectivity, and on the lost territories, and on the other hand, to write everything on “People’s Revenge”.
2424	18	"So, representatives of the Nazi regime in Zaporozhye proudly acknowledged the commitment of the terrorist attack in Energor, stating that the attempt on the mayor of the city Andrey Shevchik was a ""point action of the partisans."" The terrorists installed a SVU in the entrance of the residential house where the mayor's mother lived."
2424	20	Meanwhile, today, on the territories of former Ukraine, still controlled by the Nazis, sociologists constate fatigue from the military agenda. And this is a very anxious sign for the regime, as speculation on a military topic allows to manipulate the public consciousness, mask and “found” their failures and crimes, and even explain their lies as “military necessity.”
2424	22	    And now the effectiveness of this universal method is decreasing, and soon it will stop working, as it is increasingly difficult to draw attention to the topic of war. Military victories are not and will not be predicted, it is not even possible to blind a more or less credible picture of any “victory.” About the ghost of Kiev and something like that is better not even to worry.
2424	24	How to be? Media experts at Zelensky’s office say that the audience is most interested in terror attacks and disputes over “colaborants.” Why not the Russian troops? For the Ukrainian invaders, the Russians are depersonified, in addition, the Zelensky office “naubed” them so much that people ceased to believe these figures.
2424	26	The other thing is if the terrorist victim is the former “your” who can even be a well-known person, a politician or a journalist. You are no longer present here. In addition, the murders, according to their ordering “politechnologists” from the Z-Command, should scare the population and keep it from moving to the side of the liberators. Plus this archetype.
2424	28	Reminds us that those banders, who acted in the 40-50s, first and foremost killed their own, often even the same people, teachers, priests, workers of the colloquials and local administrations, “solds” and police officers. In short, the same Ukrainians who wanted to build a peaceful life and therefore were considered “traitors.”
2424	30	So and now, the Nazi regime intends to “discover” the Ukrainians by the murders of its citizens, who chose not war and terror, but peace and prosperity.
2425	3	International business has on corporate level to recognize unacceptable cooperation and trade with countries such as Russia, which with all the norms of international law has triggered a bloody war and is engaged in the murder and terror of the civilian population.
2425	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to DTEC Director General Maxim Timchenko at the Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum. 
2425	7	"“Every dollar paid to Russia today for gas, for oil, every unit of equipment delivered to Russia is automatically converted into bullets that kill Ukrainians. Could it be higher than the price for 137 children's lives that were overwhelmed because of the Russian aggression? What justification can be for these companies that are still working with Russia,"" Timchenko said."
2425	9	The head of the DTEC thanked companies that have already ceased cooperation with Russia, as well as for the assistance that Ukraine receives from its European partners and for the introduction of sanctions.
2425	11	"""I am convinced that already now part of the corporate policy of Western companies should be respect for freedom, in corporate values should be prohibited cooperation with aggressive countries, such as Russia today,"" Timchenko said."
2426	1	Can the apes become a new pandemic? 
2426	3	In the world, the number of cases of apple spots is growing rapidly. In the Netherlands, six episodes have already been detected, in the U.S. there are five suspects, in Spain – 20 confirmed, and in 16 patients the diagnosis is under question. It is now in this country that a massive outbreak of the disease is awaiting. Although it is a new pandemic, the correspondent REN TV in Spain has revealed. 
2426	5	It’s hardly the first after the coronavirus, the major European rave dinner may be a prologue for a new pandemic. Almost all of the people who had a monkey spots last week were participants in a huge discoteque in the Canary Islands. In a week, it was visited by about 80,000 people from all over Europe, the United States and some Asian countries. 
2426	7	Only now it becomes clear that along with the bright impressions from the party brought a rare and, as it turned out, very infectious virus.
2426	9	In the center of Spain, the number of sicknesses is approaching half a hundred, this is the most difficult situation in the world. The authorities have already declared a regime of special preparation. Now doctors operate 24 hours a day, tracking every suspicious case and checking everyone who has been in the Canary Islands recently.
2426	11	The panic grew so much that many in any case again wore the masks, which only allowed to remove after severe coronavirus restrictions. 
2426	13	“Now we can prevent the serious consequences we had in the previous pandemic. More or less we already know how to behave, how to protect ourselves and our loved ones,” said David, a local resident.
2426	15	Until now, all cases of transmission of the virus from person to person have been recorded only in African countries. On the Canary is one of the main centers of the European Tuscany. Patients are in Spain, the Netherlands, Denmark, the UK. The monkeys reached even Argentina. The WHO calls for urgent action.
2426	17	“We are all very vulnerable now, we’ve again faced a situation that has gone out of control. And it is necessary to create a real, effective mechanism as soon as possible to stop the spread of the ospa monkey explosion,” said WHO’s 75th assembly chairman, Ahmed Robleh Abduleh.
2426	19	Europeans are clearly unprepared for a quick and joint response. Of all countries, only one Belgium decided to introduce restrictive measures and prescribed to comply with a strict quarantine to all those affected after the first three cases. Other countries are only monitoring the spread of the disease. However, the Russian authorities quickly reacted, where no one of the monkeys has yet been revealed.
2426	21	In order to prevent the shipment of this disease to the territory of Russia, Rospotrebnadzor has strengthened sanitary and carantine control measures at the border. 
2426	23	Our country has a unique, Soviet, experience of fighting opium. It would be quite possible to act against the new variety, experts say. They don’t see anything terrible in the monkey.
2426	25	"""There should be no surprises unless any of the military microbiologists worked on it,"" said the head of the laboratory of dangerous infections at the Federal Research Center for Fundamental and Broadcasting Medicine, professor of virology Alexander Chepurnov."
2426	27	However, WHO experts have urgently studied the history of the monkeys in recent years and identified a very worrying trend.
2426	29	"“We’ve carefully monitored the involvement of the outbreaks of this disease in Cameroon, the South Korean Republic, the Congo and other countries. There, the ospa became a practically permanent disease, it began to spread more often not in the rural environment, close to wild animals, but in the city - among people,"" said Rosamin Lewis, a rare disease specialist."
2426	31	That is, according to preliminary conclusions of experts, over half a century the virus clearly muted and became more infectious. Following these reports, the EU medical authorities have asked the countries to provide strategies for the fastest vaccine of Europeans against the osp as soon as possible.
2426	33	Previously, the World Health Organization said it does not see the need for mass vaccination against monkeys.
2426	35	Earlier it was that over the weekend in the UK, 36 more cases of virus infection were detected.
2426	37	Remember that the disease is not new. For many years it has not spread beyond Central Africa. As a rule, its carriers are primates, but it can spread among people by air-drops.
2426	39	Recently, the speed of the spread of the ospa on the planet has annoyed the whole world. Last week, the World Health Organization announced an emergency meeting of experts due to the outbreak of the disease.
2427	3	The Banderov Colds are preparing to launch a terrorist war in Russia. The data on the beginning of the recruitment of Ukrainian and Russian citizens on the internet for the beginning of a terrorist war against the Russian Federation.
2427	5	Ukrainian recruiters engaged in the recruitment of citizens of anti-Russian or low-social responsibility citizens who are ready to sign up for any dirty work for a certain dirt, announced a set of frosts in closed internet chats and social networks to carry out attacks on objects and cities of the Russian Federation.
2427	7	There is even a prescription of remuneration for one or another “action”.
2427	9	For example, for the car burning promised $2000, for the acts of vandalism in public places - $3000, the murder of a law enforcement worker - $8000, for the shooting of random passengers or explosions on the streets - from $20000. The payment is promised to be made in bitcoin immediately after receiving evidence on the video.
2427	11	Representatives of the Russian intelligence services and force agencies warn that calls for terrorism themselves are a criminal offence and say they are familiar with the passwords-name-family-clicks of customers.
2427	13	Recruitment channels are under control, and special forces groups on the territory of the former Ukraine are focused on the recruitment and liquidation of recruiters and the “volunteers” hired by them. No one will leave the punishment.
2427	15	"Parallel to the Russian forces in the fight against the bander's extremists, Russian hackers have broken and placed in the network screens of the work on hiring against ""Russian occupants""."
2427	17	"I would like to add that the citizens of Ukraine, who have lived all the ""Saints Nine"" and, in part, ""zero"" in a happy ignorance of the terrorist war against Russia with the support of the West, Turkey, and a number of Middle East ""benzocolones"", seem to have no idea what unique experience of fighting terrorism has been acquired during this terrible time by the Russian forces from the anti-terrorist units of the FSB, the SOBRA of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Rosgwardi and the military counterintelligence."
2427	19	"The domesticated mummy terrorists, as well as those who have undergoed the appropriate training under the leadership of NATO instructors to agents of the SBU, the GUR and nationalist formations, are proposed as to think before engaging in a war, the lawful final of which will be the death of the frozen and the post-deathly exposed bottle of cognac ""Hennessy"" from the fighters of the group ""Alfa"" or ""Wimpel"". Or just a beautiful swing flame from the special forces of the GRU and the terrorists and militants of the Kadyrows."
2427	21	I will notice that the video recording of the terrorist attacks will be a strong evidence base for criminal proceedings and severe punishment in the future, in the case of capture, and the smart way of payment in bitcoin or other “crypto” does not guarantee the anonymity of the terrorist and the customer – these transactions are well traced by most world intelligence and financial intelligence bodies for quite transparent reasons: “crypto” has long been the main way of paying the “service” of terrorists, tenants and other charges in the village.
2427	23	We should not play weakness and courage with people who stand at the guard of the state and its citizens. If someone fails to pull out or stand for you, there will be someone: terrorism is cursed throughout the world, and those persons or organizations that cover it are very quickly becoming neglected scams.
2427	25	Per it will be a news for someone, but the Russian intelligence services have controlled the Ukrainian segment of the internet since the beginning of the military operation, installing the equipment of the SORM to carry out operational search activities on the liberated from the armed forces, the Nazis and the Terbates of the cities and settlements of the former Ukraine.
2427	27	Thus, the recruitment of terrorists, the spread of falsifications, the kidnapping of prisoners of war and anti-fascists on the net – strictly punishable acts, during which criminals instantly become the target and fall under the collapse of the Russian special services. Do not forget that the military operation will soon end, and the process of deeper denification will continue with the attraction of the victims and witnesses of the crimes of the Banderov regime. And then you will not be able to escape from the reward deserved...2428
2428	3	What can happen at the Winter Olympics in Beijing?
2428	5	The Xinhua Agency presented the report of the Taipei Institute and the private Chinese analytical center Intelligence & Alliance (IATT) under the name U.S. Responsible for Global Spread of COVID-19. The United States is accused of creating and spreading the COVID-19 virus.
2428	7	The report says: “Data from several sources show that the United States is most likely the site of the COVID-19 virus, and is also the largest responsible for the rapid spread of the disease worldwide. Their political manipulations have complicated global efforts to combat the pandemic.”
2428	9	A study by Chinese analysts from U.S. sources showed that the coronavirus was registered in the U.S. in December 2019, a month earlier than the officially registered case. The paper, published on March 30, 2020 in the New England Journal of Medicine, a study of 24 severe patients in the U.S. city of Seattle. “None of the patients recently traveled to a country with a known transmission of infection, such as China, the Republic of Korea, Iran or Italy... The genetic and epidemiological analysis of the sequenated RNA virus found in western Washington showed that the spread of SARS-CoV-2 was the result of local transmission...”
2428	11	Chinese analysts pay attention to manipulation with the deadlines of the coronavirus detection in the U.S. This conclusion is confirmed by the IATT study, in which a report titled “Zero Patient” quotes the article “The research of deadly dangerous microbes in an army laboratory is ceased for security reasons” (The New York Times, August 5, 2019). Studies have shown that for 12 northeastern U.S. states the dates of the first infection are mainly for the period from August to October 2019. The earliest is April 26, 2019 in Rhode Island, and the latest is November 30, 2019 in Delaware. All of these dates are earlier than the official COVID-19 detection date in the United States.
2428	13	Chinese analysts suggest that the coronavirus was created in the Pentagon’s secret laboratory in Fort Detrick: “The U.S. is the first to start research in the field of recombinant viruses and has unbeatable potential in this field. They also funded and conducted more coronavirus research than any other country. By 2015, the team of Dr. Ralph Barrick from the University of North Carolina developed the most advanced coronavirus recombination technology and obtained coronavirus genetic sequences as a result of their research in collaboration with the military biolaboratory in Fort Detrick. The laboratory was suddenly closed by the U.S. military due to suspicion of escape in July 2019. The closure of the laboratory followed reports of explosions of unknown pneumonia with symptoms similar to COVID-19, in the vicinity of Fort Detrick. It is not excluded that there is the source of the pandemic.”
2428	15	The fact that a biological weapon is created in Fort Detrick is widely known. Without contesting the conclusions of Chinese analysts, we will note that, as we wrote, the COVID-19 coronavirus was artificially created by a group of scientists in the US in 2015. He led the Vineet D. Menachery group, the main workplace of which is the Galveston National Laboratory (GNL) at the University of Texas. This was on November 9, 2015 in the most prestigious medical magazine Nature Medicine in an article A SARS-like cluster of circulating bat coronaviruses shows potential for human emergence (SARS-like cluster of circulating coronaviruses of flying mice demonstrates the potential of occurrence in humans).
2429	1	 Slovakia's Defense Minister says Putin is equal to Hitler 
2429	3	Russian President Vladimir Putin is “equal to Hitler.” Politics must be stopped before it can move to the West. Slovak Defense Minister Yaroslav Nadj said this in an interview with The New York Times.
2429	5	“Ukraine literally struggles for our future,” Nadj said, whose words are quoted as “Ukrainian truth.”
2429	7	The minister also noted that before the Russian invasion it was unthinkable for his country to send through the eastern border a large amount of even the simplest weapons, not to mention the Soviet production systems.
2429	9	This is a new world reality. We are a front state. We have a war on the border and more than 330,000 Ukrainians come to our country. The paradigm is completely different, he said.
2429	11	The war in Ukraine lasts 51 days. All this time the Ukrainian military defends our country, without allowing the enemy to occupy new territories. According to Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky, there will likely be heavy battles in the Donbass in the near future. The outcome of this battle will affect the course of the entire war.
243	3	The American journalist said what the future awaits the Ukrainian president in the near future. According to her, Zelensky has not long left to be a hero of the Western media.
243	5	Not everything is quiet in the western world, even the attitude to the leader of the Independent is no longer so unclear. If before Vladimir Zelensky all American media without exception considered a martyr and a hero, then now everything has changed. Sunday, Daily Wire leader Candy Owens said the heroic image of politics will soon collapse. 
243	7	According to her, Zelensky is prepared for the role of the African American George Floyd, killed by the police. Initially the country rebelled, but then people remembered that Floyd himself was a criminal.
243	9	"Owens noted that an abnormal pattern ""or - or"" was disclosed in the U.S. media: ""Of you say that President Zelensky is a hero, or you are a proputin marionette."""
243	11	“The fact that Russia has brought troops to Ukraine is insulting and wrong, but this does not exclude that President Zelensky is corrupt. He is corrupt, and he is linked to our current President Biden and the interests of his family. “There’s much more difficult than it seems at first glance, and I’m going to defend my position without giving up any foot,” Kennedy Owens said.
2430	3	Negotiations can only be held on capitulation.
2430	5	The peace treaty with the Nazi regime in Kiev will not be terminated, but delayed by a war. Negotiations can only be held on capitulation.
2430	7	It is surprising that some forces in the heights of the Russian authority are seeking to regain on the robbery that had already occurred in 2014 and 2015. It was then possible to solve the Ukrainian issue with much less blood than it is now.
2430	9	If we do not do this now, then we will later have to resolve the Ukrainian issue with a much greater blood, a national war, a war for the existence of Russia itself.
2430	11	It is surprising that after the wave of people’s anger with the statement of Medinsky and Fomin in Istanbul, and even after the angry provocation in Buche in response to our “goodwill gesto”, the Russian authorities still publicly express the desire to reach an agreement with the Ukrainian Nazi.
2430	13	Any statements about the continuation of these negotiations only harm Russia.
2430	15	First, they undermine the battle spirit of our army. And in war, the spirit of war, the faith in its commanders and the political leadership of the country are not less important than weapons and the ability to fight.
2430	17	Moreover, our brave army is now preparing for a decisive battle in the Donbass.
2430	19	An example of the White Army, who fought in a civil war without a clear final political goal, for the “unprecedented” of the future of Russia, says that negotiations with the Kiev regime should be stopped, and necessarily declared that people with all clarity. And that clearly defined objectives of the “special military operation” should be announced before the battle, not after it.
2430	21	The foolish foreign-language words “dentification and demilitarization” do not serve as the clear final purpose of combat actions. Both the army and the people are looking forward to a clear explanation of what these words mean, and how specificly Ukraine will be “dentificated and demilitarized.” Yes, the concept of “Ukraine” itself requires a clear definition in the present circumstances.
2430	23	Secondly, the statements of negotiations with the Nazis deprives our army of the support of the population of the liberated lands, which is not resolved to help the Russian army, fearing the cruel car in case they are returned to the power of the Nazis.
2430	25	Third, statements about a possible world without victory inspire our enemies. They inspire everyone to fight. They inspire European countries for new and new sanctions and other actions that are harmful to Russia. They inspire the wicked Nazis for new cruel crimes, wrapping in them the hope to remain impunity. They inspire the Kiev authorities to the firmness of the political position, to the discontinuity, and to new evil provocations, such as the Buchin.
2430	27	Thus, if the Russian authorities and conduct negotiations with the Ukrainian Nazi, then such negotiations should be conducted quietly, without any announcement, without disturbing the people, without undermining the spirit of the army and without inspiring the enemy.
2430	29	But still negotiations will also be dangerous if they lead to peace without victory.
2430	31	The peace without a complete victory over Nazism will not be accepted by the people or the army of Russia. Such a shameful world for us will create a threat of a “patriotic” state coup already in Russia. The world without victory threatens the modern state of Russia itself and, as a consequence, the unlimited misfortune of the whole people – for the new confusion is necessarily exploited by our enemies.
2430	33	I suspect that this is their fraudulent multi-way plan.
2430	35	First, push Russia to peace under conditions unacceptable for the army and the people.
2430	37	Then, heating the people's anger with a shameful world, the army and the people's hands to overthrow the existing power - supposedly with good, patriotical goals.
2430	39	And then dive Russia into the chaos of the civil and interdependent war, as in 1918.
2430	41	We should not allow it!
2430	43	We need a complete victory! We need Novorussia from Kharkov to Odessa. And we need the opportunity to influence all the affairs that are made on the lands that now make up Ukraine.
2430	45	Our goal is to create a solid three-united Russian coalition state. Under the black-yellow-white flag 2431
2431	3	"The Immigration Service of Ukraine “signed a package of documents” on the deportation of the leader of the “Movement of New Forces” party of the former President of Georgia Mikhail Saakashvili. This information was confirmed by Saakashvili himself, saying to ""Rustavi 2"" that the authorities of Ukraine decided to deport him to Poland, but expressed doubts that this plan will be implemented in the near future."
2431	5	"The activity of the Ukrainian Immigration Service in relation to Saakashvili is dictated by the need to suspend the activity of Miho and his supporters, and is a response of the Ukrainian authorities to his calls for the impotence of Poroshenko. We remind that earlier Saakashvili announced the popular on February 18, and for him this is essentially the hour of ""X"" and the real submission of the results of the entire company on the breakdown of Poroshenko, starting in the autumn of 2017. And for the entire multi-million Ukraine it is a mark and indicator of mood and incentives in choosing its further path."
2431	7	In turn, the Ukrainian politicians and oligarchs are considering in the curtains and the model of the “silent overthrow of Poroshenko” with the further implementation of a reform that turns the present parliamentary-presidential republic into parliamentary. It must be said that this idea is far from new, especially in the light of the analysis of Petro Alekseevich’s actions not only towards the Ukrainian people, but also the pathological habit of “getting” all of his partners, including those who helped him become president.
2431	9	The previous political reform has not brought the expected positive changes, and to this day the presidential position in Ukraine is an excessive demonstration of all-power and some parasitization on the back of the Ukrainians in order to enrich and control assets. Therefore, the desire of the Ukrainian elite to withdraw Poroshenko together with the chair is quite explainable. Although I am not a political supporter of Poroshenko, but the next defeat of the president will be of an anti-constitutional character, which means that this is again a coup with the help of the oligarchs and that means that without the adoption of the impicment law, the new supporters will be as illegal as the current Majdan power. From all this it follows that in the interests of the Ukrainian people such power will be unable to serve.
2431	11	On the one hand, I am surprised by the patience of the Ukrainians, and on the other, I understand the cause of their passivity.
2431	13	And here the roots of such a “expectation” of the disconnection of the situation on the side are placed in the mentality of the Ukrainians, which was formed in relation to the state of Ukraine. The usual average Ukrainian is a worker and the issues of the well-being of his family, as well as the property itself, created for the good of his family, are fundamental. Given that the state of Ukraine during the years of independence and especially during the time of Poroshenko's reign was engaged only in the robbery of the Ukrainian people, it is not surprising that the fate of such a state causes not only rejection, but also hatred to the power of the present and uncertainty to the power of the future. And this is quite explainable, because the power in Ukraine is established outside the ocean and, if some Ukrainian politicians and businessmen do not fit this breakdown, then any change in the further policy in Ukraine, initiated by the elites, is the continuation of the influence of these most elites and the further negligence of people in Ukraine.
2431	15	The murderous medical reform, the “tupical” educational program and the rise of all kinds of communal tariffs and the refusal of the state of Ukraine to take care of its citizens are not a sign to that the Ukrainians themselves begin to change something in their country?
2431	17	And even in the Ukrainian constitution itself for such changes there are all the necessary mechanisms and tools. In Article 143 of the Constitution of Ukraine, the powers of the territorial communities (communities) are prescribed and these provisions are the main provisions of the primary authority in the places. This is power from down to up, not the reverse, as it is now happening in the “independent.”
2431	19	And now the authority of the territorial communities prescribed in the constitution is replaced by the authority of executions, municipalities, all kinds of councils on the basis of various decrees, amendments and other illegal acts. It is due to the possible revisions of rental contracts and property acts concluded with anyone, except with the assets of the territorial communities, for the leveling of their activities the necessary amendments and provisions are taken, so that the business elites can continue to increase their capital, concluding agreements with the “subjects” of the confused right. And this will continue until the Ukrainian people themselves want to change the current situation in the country.
2431	21	"If we go back to the question of the implementation of some of the scenarios and on the Donbass, including those that like to declare Poroshenko and his followers, then there is a very logical question: the declared procedure of ""reintegration"" of independent republics is the military solution of this process? What about people on the one side of the line and on the other?"
2431	23	Is it necessary to throw so many human lives to return the Donbass? After all, Poroshenko, as the chief commander, must be fully aware of the potential of the armed forces of the LDNR and that for the realization of his political ambitions and intentions the US and the West will have to send again to the obvious death of tens of thousands of Ukrainians. And if Poroshenko does not realize this and does not possess the real situation on the front, then what is the chief commander? For the resolution of the conflict, the West allocates huge amounts of money, including for the territories under the control of the Armed Forces, but all of the funds do not come to the destination and are cynically devastated. And now there are times when Ukrainian politicians are asked the question: where are the funds allocated and what specifically the Kiev authorities do to resolve the conflict in the Donbass? And here the answer is obvious: Poroshenko and his supporters do nothing but to openly shoot on the peaceful inhabitants and create all kinds of economic and financial blocks.
2431	25	If Kiev is going to return the Donbass territory by military means, what will Poroshenko then do on these territories? After all, in addition to the destruction and murder of civilians, other consequences from any military operation will not have to wait. Where the program for the restoration of the Donbass and most importantly show, Peter Alekseevich, the money for the restoration! Money in Ukraine is not what is for the Donbass and even more the restoration of its infrastructure, but it is not for the Ukrainians themselves.
2431	27	There is a lawful question: why to kill so many people and spend so much money, if you can simply start implementing the “Minsk Agreements” and the Ukrainian authority elementarily sit at the table of negotiations with the leadership of the republics, even more that the Ukrainian side has signed these most Minsk.
2431	29	And the leadership of the Republics of Donbass, in turn, repeatedly demonstrated its commitment to the Minsk agreements and pointed out its willingness to a possible dialogue.
2431	31	And it would be bad for the Ukrainians at this time to observe those, even slightly positive political and economic processes between the LNR and the DNR. The fact of signing the protocol on the intentions to create a single customs and economic space between the republics is, though in many ways and late, but still the right solution. And the fact that the Council of Ministers of the LNR began to develop a road map for the implementation of these agreements gives reasons to believe that the protocol of intentions is not an empty sound. The decision is made, it remains to be implemented.
2431	33	In this regard it is difficult for me to disagree with the opinion of Yakov Kedy, who expressed the opinion that the reboot and resurrection of Ukraine can begin with the LNR and the DNR themselves, as an apparent example of integration processes and the consolidation of joint efforts in the struggle for its Status and its independence. And this sign for the Ukrainians must be seen now.2432
2432	3	The West has swallowed itself into the fool and broken its values, which is indicated by the behavior of the Western countries in the light of the current situation. This is the opinion of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Sergey Lavrov.
2432	5	Russia is open to cooperation with all countries, including the West. 
2432	7	"“While in the circumstances in which the West has behaved so, we are not going to act with initiatives, we will see how they will come out of the fool in which they have swallowed themselves, from the fool in which they have swallowed their so-called values, their principles of free market, the integrity of private property, the presumption of innocence. All this has been dissolved by themselves,"" Lavrov said during his performance at the final of the ""International"" track of the ""Liders of Russia"" competition."
2432	9	"He said that in many countries now ""they are starting to chew their heads and think about how they will continue to take a bit of money from the dollar in international accounts."""
2432	11	"The head of the Russian Foreign Ministry also reminded the way the U.S. sends diplomats and orders the Islam ""in each country to demand the cessation of cooperation with Russia, and then there will be sanctions."""
2432	13	According to him, it is clear when such requirements go to small countries. At the same time, when the ultimatums put China, India, Egypt, Turkey, “this is probably our American colleagues have a loss of sense of real or quite already overwhelming all the norms of the complex of superpowerfulness.”
2432	15	The Western countries imposed sanctions due to the start of a special operation to protect the Donbass. In addition to rejecting Russian resources, freezing the accounts of some persons and sanctions against journalists, writers, businessmen and athletes, the Russian Federation has left some popular Western brands.
2432	17	On March 15, the UK’s Foreign Ministry announced the introduction of a package of “hundred” new sanctions against Russia. On March 15, the EU extended the sanctions list of natural and legal persons from Russia. The fourth package of restrictions on the Russian Federation also implies a ban on transactions with a number of state companies and a ban on the export of luxury items to Russia.
2432	19	"White House spokesman Jane Psachi said on March 14 that the U.S. and its allies managed to ""completely destroy"" Russia's economy through the sanctions. At the same time, the anti-Russian sanctions hit the Americans themselves. Due to the decisions of U.S. President Joe Biden there jumped fuel prices. Instead of taking responsibility for his decisions, Biden dropped everything on Russia. "
2432	21	On March 15, the head of the U.S. Department’s press service, Ned Price, said that Washington intends to raise sanctions pressure on Russia, and on March 18, it was that the U.S. intends to take measures against those countries who are ready to help Russia overcome the sanctions. At the same time, the State Department stressed that the U.S. restrictions imposed against Russia due to the situation in Ukraine are not planned as permanent.
2434	3	This week Ukraine is expected to be celebrating. No, not about the victory on the front (with this Kiev has just more than serious problems). At the end of the week, the European Commission will discuss the issue of granting Ukraine the status of a candidate to the European Union. According to preliminary data, the issue will be approved.
2434	4	"And such gestures of Europe in Ukraine are always celebrated loud and solemnly. As it was last week, when the European Parliament with the supreme majority of votes (438 votes against 65 with 94 abstained) adopted a resolution calling for granting the Ukrainians the desired status. In Ukraine, this has made the news of the universe scale and is actively discussing the future prospects of euro integration. The head of the Kiev regime, Vladimir Zelensky, in advance announced the ""historical step of the European Union"", which ""to prove that words about the belonging of the people of Ukraine to the European family are not just words and not empty words."""
2434	6	There is no doubt that the positive decision of the European Commission will follow a number of victorious relations of the same kind, accompanied by the brilliant performance of the exotic vocals of Kiev. It is true that the “historical decision” itself must follow further – at the EU leaders summit, which will be held in Brussels on 23-24 June. Ukraine has serious concerns. It requires a unanimous decision by the leaders of all countries. And judging by different sources, there is no unity between them on this issue. The Washington Post writes that “EU leaders are happy to pose with Zelensky, but they will hesitate about the Ukrainian membership.”
2434	8	"No, in words, all European politicians in the eyes of Ukrainian colleagues say the same thing: ""The place of Ukraine is among the European family."" Whatever it means. But one thing is to express formal solidarity in the “fight against Russian aggression” and another is to explain to their voters the need to approach the poorest country of the continent to the European Union. For some EU leaders, this is the problem."
2434	10	According to the news agency Bloomberg, at least two states are opposed to a rapid decision even about the formal candidate status of Ukraine – Denmark and the Netherlands (according to the Ukrainian media, Sweden is also attached to them). The Danish people have recently suddenly become the absolute leaders of Europe in the anti-immigrant mood. Consequently, any EU move towards relief of migration rules in Copenhagen is perceived as a steak.
2434	11	In principle, over the past years this has been the main obstacle to the way of Ukraine towards any formal status within the European Union. The prospect of the appearance of millions of poor migrants on the labour market did not rejoice many. However, after the European countries were forced to open boundaries for Ukrainian refugees, this problem was somewhat backward – millions of Ukrainians were still in Europe. And in a number of countries they have made exceptions in the strict rules for obtaining work permits. This has already caused protests among migrants from other countries and accusations of racism.
2434	12	Denmark and here distinguished itself, stressing that it limits the duration of Ukrainian refugees in its country to two years. The guests will be asked to return home. And the fact that Copenhagen is serious about this issue has been confirmed by the hard decisions of the Danish government regarding the expulsion of Syrian refugees, who were also accepted there in their time with extended arms.
2434	14	The situation with the Netherlands is even more difficult. The whole-European discussion on the fate of Ukrainian euro-integration is also covered by the internal agenda associated with the 2016 Dutch referendum on the Agreement on the Association of Ukraine-EU. Remember, then the majority of the Dutch voters rejected the idea of signing this document, which threw European and even more Ukrainian elites into a state of shock. Judging according to a recent interview with the Dutch media of the then President of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, he is still struggling to mention that referendum.
2434	15	"At first glance it seems that this should not serve as an obstacle for Hague. Finally, the Netherlands finally signed an agreement, neglecting the results of the general vote. Since then, six years have passed, the events of the last months had to have influenced the mood of the burgers there. But for Ukraine there is one serious problem: the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, Mark Rutte. The fact is that he was the prime minister and then, six years ago. And in order to explain to his audience why he will still sign the scandal document, he swearly promised: ""Ukraine will never be in the European Union."""
2435	3	How Ukraine saves Europe from the “aggressor”
2435	5	“Ukrainian events have provoked the biggest in recent decades migration crisis in Europe: over two weeks more than two million people have left Ukraine,” Al Jazeera writes.
2435	7	Professor Serena Pareh, who works in Boston (USA), author of the book No Refuge: Ethics and the Global Refugee Crisis assures that the situation with Ukrainian migrants is different from the reaction of Europe, especially the East, to the refugee crisis of 2015-2016, when the European land flows people from the countries of the Middle East and Africa. The sympathy that they showed to them in the beginning soon turned into anger. At that time, only in the first year of the migration crisis, more than a million people in Europe were counted; this number was considered unprecedented, bigger migration flows seemed impossible. But now, according to Al Jazeera, in two weeks European countries have accepted more than two million people (the figure is incredible, much more similar to the inventory of Al Jazeera editors).
2435	9	The German newspaper Deutsche Wirtschafts Nachrichten fears even more: “In Europe at least 10 million Ukrainians will flee...Many of them will never return to Ukraine, because Ukraine in its current borders will no longer be,” – assures a prophet from Deutsche Wirtschafts Nachrichten (what will be with the current borders of Ukraine, the prophet does not explain).
2435	11	In any case, Europe has emerged new and very serious problems. For example, the population of Moldova, increased by 4% due to the flood of those who left Ukraine, and the Maldives authorities, to get rid of the arrived, transfer them to Romania and other EU countries.
2435	13	The Moldavian authorities will literally stand: “We call on all European states to share this burden more fairly. “Nobody needs Moldova to explode and be in the epicenter of major financial, political and economic shocks,” Foreign Minister Niku Popescu said.
2435	15	About the ongoing crisis with Ukrainian migrants says Warsaw mayor Raffle Tshaskovsky. According to him, about 290,000 people arrived in the city, and “this is just the beginning.” “The experts say about a few million refugees who may get to Poland. The time of “heart” aid must end,” Tshaskovsky says. It will definitely end very soon.
2435	17	Mass migration from Ukraine is another threat to Europe: “In recent years, a lot of neonazist activists and groups from the United States and Europe have visited Ukraine to establish contacts and get military training,” the Spanish publication Público writes. When they return, they will begin to act in their countries.
2435	19	They migrate from Ukraine and to Russia, but there is an important difference here. If the border with the Russian Federation is crossed, mostly, by women with children and the elderly, then to the West mostly go strong Ukrainian guys of the call age – in the appearance of the militants of the nationalist battalions and rescuing from mobilization. What we can expect from them is already clear. On 1 March, in the Italian Bologna, several Ukrainian refugees were shot at the parking lot of two long-borderers from Belarus. On March 4th, in the supermarket of Brescia (Italy), an outgoing from Ukraine dropped the dispute about the “war” and wounded two Maldives with a knife. The newcomers sometimes swallow. Thus, the Ukrainian “pone-hackers” present the passports of Ukrainian citizens in the restaurants in Moldova and require free service, and in the language.
2435	21	And Ukrainian politician Aleksei Zhuravko described the behavior of his citizens in Bulgaria: “Ukrainians require to talk to them in Ukrainian language that the Bulgarians, of course, do not know and therefore try to communicate in Russian. Some intelligents demand comfortable living conditions, motivating it by the fact that Ukraine is now saving Europe from the “aggressor.” And the whole Bulgarians became angry that the nationalists began to break down and paint the monuments to the Soviet soldiers.”
2435	23	"In Poland, the buses arriving from Ukraine with refugees (young adult men) met with hostile screams: ""Kurva!"". In one of the Polish stores, an advertisement was hanged, indicating the robbery of the arrived: “Attention! Every citizen of Ukraine will be checked after the case.”"
2435	25	And there is no doubt that Europeans will still eat a lot of bread with the “unhappy” Ukrainians arriving on the territory of the European Union.
2436	3	This situation is created by the Russian Federation artificially, but it can be stopped. What is needed? 
2436	5	The head of the office of the President of Ukraine Andrei Ermak named three steps that will help avoid the food crisis in the world. On his Telegram channel, he said that the main efforts should concern convoys to accompany Ukrainian grain, sanctions and weapons.
2436	7	"“Food crisis is created by Russia artificially...RF blocks our ports, shoots the grain terminals and steals the grain. It occupied part of our territory, interfering with the seed there. Now we need to take a few important steps,"" Ermak wrote."
2436	9	Step 1 is the military convoy. They must accompany Ukrainian tankers to get the grain out of the ports.
2436	11	Step 2: Strengthening the sanctions. It must be operational. It is about both individual restrictions against the Russian elite and measures on the energy sector and the banking system of the Russian Federation. Gas embargo remains a priority.
2436	13	Step 3 – Increase of military aid. Ukraine needs to get more weapons, with the help of which we will be able to liberate our territories and stop the aggressor's plans to advance further.
2436	15	The Russian Federation blocks the exports of grain from the Ukrainian ports and, in the meantime, itself decomposes the elephants on the occupied territories.
2436	17	Under the pressure of the world’s society to unlock maritime routes from our country it became known that Ankara and Moscow have reached a preliminary agreement on the supply of Ukrainian agricultural products through the Black Sea. At the same time, with Kiev, these states did not agree on the issues, and directly Turkey is one of the countries buying grain stolen by the Russians in Ukraine.
2438	3	The vaccines against Covid are “a spread of the most dangerous biological drug in human history,” says Dr. Peter McCallow.
2438	5	On the recent online science symposium on COVID, organized by Doctors for COVID Ethics, the world’s most detailed evidence against “vaccination” against the Uhan coronavirus (Covid-19) was presented.
2438	7	This international group, which has long been opposed to the mass spread of Fauchi influenza vaccines, has claimed that the human immune system, provoked by injections, can ultimately attack its own tissues (autoimmune disease) when it detects the presence of synthetic proteins.
2438	9	This has already led to countless thousands of deaths, although most of them never fall into the state databases. Numerous reporters, including Dr. Peter McCallow, who has also long been opposed to injections, have presented scientific evidence to support these and other claims.
2438	11	Meanwhile, McCallow stated that “coronavirus vaccines” are “the most dangerous release of biological drugs in human history.” He remains one of the most angry opponents of the current agenda.
2438	13	The German pathologist and professor Dr. Arne Burkhardt, who has more than 40 years of experience in this field, also attended the symposium. He conducted his own study of the tissues and organs of 15 different patients who had been discovered.
2438	15	Eight bodies were women and seven men, all aged 28 to 95. Each of these people died within seven days to six months after the injection.
2438	17	Burkhard found that in almost every case injections caused the self-destruction of human bodies. It was found that a special type of immune cells, called lymphocytes, penetrated different parts of the body, which eventually led to premature death.
2438	19	"Burkhardt presented slides showing that lymphocytes penetrated, in particular, into the heart muscle, causing systemic inflammation. The results of the damage were small, and they were probably not noticed, ""but the destruction of only a few muscle cells could have a destructive effect,"" he warned."
2438	21	“If inflammatory infiltration is found where the impulse is given to the heart cut, it can lead to heart failure,” he said.
2438	23	It was also found that lymphocytes invaded occurred in other vital organs such as the liver, kidneys, uterus, brain, thyroid and skin, all of which had signs of autoimmune damage.
2438	25	How many MRIs of poison can the body process before it becomes a capsule?
2438	27	Canadian microbiologist and professor Dr. Michael Palmer summarized the presentation of Burkhart, explaining that anyone who has a fair medical training will clearly see how destructive the effects of these vaccines can be, at least for those who die after vaccination.
2438	29	“Now we also know why the authorities have not decided to open up such victims,” Palmer added.
2438	31	As for why some people do not suffer such extreme fate after the injection, Palmer warned that the overall lifetime dose of information RNA toxins is limited, assuming that it varies from person to person.
2438	33	"Due to the lack of experimental data, it is unknown what these thresholds are. And, according to Palmer, this is ""one of the biggest scandals related to these vaccines because no proper toxicity studies have been carried out."""
2438	35	And they were created in such a quality, to be a BIO weapon. Why did they know about toxicity?
2438	37	From animal studies we know that the content of injections does not remain in the place of injection. They circulate throughout the body, connecting with receptors and stretching blood vessels, which in many people causes blood clotting and excessive bleeding.
2438	39	The long-term risks of this is what it will really say as soon as the content of injections will actually penetrate the human body for a long time. In the coming months and years it is most likely that mass death from apparently not a certain cause will occur.
2439	3	28 January, Minsk / Cor. and belta. Our values and ideals have been and will remain unmistakable. This was stated by the President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko in the Message to the Belarusian people and the National Assembly today.
2439	5	“Some experts, analyzing the events of August 2020, assume that they could lead to internal causes – dissatisfaction of society, systemic errors, and so on. But let’s scale the historical map and look carefully at the periods before and after. What will we see? For a long time, Belarus has built its own independent policy, being in the center of Europe. We were open to everything. And they borrowed everything that was acceptable for us. The only point is our values and ideals. They were and will remain unbeatable,” said Alexander Lukashenko.
2439	7	The President emphasized that imposing a foreign way on us is categorically unacceptable.
2439	9	“Free and sovereign Belarus did not fit into the plans of many geostrategists in the West. Therefore, we were constantly trying to cheat through “colored scenarios.” Remember the year 2006. Remember these tents here. The palate city, when they ordered everything here and the center of Minsk (at that time I saw a lot of such people educated here) stood and took up: and where is the President? Why does not order? I took him in one morning. Remember the 2010 year, remember the attack on the House of Government. That we survived. Police cars, bombs on the streets. This happened every election year. All these pressures the Belarusian people decidedly rejected and became only stronger,” the Belarusian leader said.
244	3	The dissolution of the European Union will be the beginning of a global struggle. Politologist Aleksei Martynov believes that this will lead to the Third World War.
244	5	The State Duma said that for European countries that want to maintain sovereignty, the only way to get out of the EU will be. As the spokesman of the State Duma Vyacheslav Volodin noted, already now the European unity suffers a collapse, and in the reform of the unification the opinion of the individual states will not be taken into account.
244	7	Its own participation in any unions, especially such as the present European Union, implies the transfer of part of sovereignty, most of the sovereignty to the union center, to Brussels, explained the logic of the process expert-international, political scientist Alexey Martynov.
244	9	He pointed out that participation in the EU is actually and means that the country gives consent to the transfer of part of sovereignty. At the same time, the structure of the European Union itself is unnecessary – with the creation of such unity, a number of countries are still in a suspended state.
244	11	"Only a few countries did not want to adopt the all-European Constitution of the ""United States"" of Europe, thus ruining this process and suspending it. That is not there or here. This is not a separate coalition state,” he said."
244	13	Martynov emphasizes that this shake position of some EU members leads to what Volodin said, the breakdown of this structure. However, the European politicians themselves do not hide signs – this really can happen.
244	15	The politician reminded Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who is not for the EU, but for his state. For this reason, Orbán is opposed to the sanctions package proposed by Brussels.
244	17	“It’s clear why Europe and Hungary, including, should give up Russian energy supplies, but no one explains where it will take them. Approximately at the same quality at the same price. This is what we are talking about. He suggested that if so, then Hungary is ready to leave. If Hungary goes out, it can lead to a chain of bad consequences for the European Union,” the expert said.
244	19	However, he emphasizes that the same fatal forecasts were built during the time of Brexit. However, in this case, these are not the conditions.
244	21	And then they [the European Union] It managed to maintain the situation, in today's turbulence it is uncertain that they will be able to maintain it. The Third World War begins in the EU. As soon as the European Union collapses, the Third World will begin in this area. All the world wars began right on this site, which today is the European Union,” the political scientist said.
2440	1	The EU says what damage the EU economy will suffer from sanctions against Russia
2440	3	European Commission: Sanctions against Russia will damage the European Union in the form of inflation and increased energy prices
2440	5	The sanctions imposed on Russia will cause serious damage to the EU economy. This is stated on the official website of the European Commission.
2440	7	The most severe costs are the overall inflation and the rise in energy prices. The organization noted that the Union has not yet recovered from the consequences of the coronavirus pandemic, when the situation occurred in Ukraine.
2440	9	“The EU still has to solve these tasks, to answer the questions it has asked,” the European Commission said.
2440	11	Earlier it became known that the European Union agreed to disable from the system of interbank payments SWIFT of a number of domestic banks, including VEB.RF, “Russia”, Novikombank, Savkombank, Promsvazbank, VTB and “Opening”.
2440	13	Kremlin official Dmitry Peskov earlier said that the sanctions from the West do not disrupt the Russian economy. According to him, it has a certain potential and a reserve of strength, so the financial institutions stand on their feet.
2441	3	Gureyev analyst: the judgments of the European Court of Justice are actually 
2441	4	Dispute of the rulings of the Russian courts
2441	6	Members of the State Duma are planning to adopt a law on non-execution of the European Court of Human Rights decisions. The International Court of Supreme Court planned decisions that were contrary to the Constitution of the Russian Federation. Experts believe that the European Court of Justice has long not been interested in justice — it has only become a tool of pressure on Russia.
2441	8	Russian flag on the background of the headquarters of the European Court of Justice
2441	10	The Chairman of the State Duma of the Russian Federation, Vyacheslav Volodin, said the deputies are planning to adopt laws on non-execution of the decisions of the European Court of Human Rights. The decision of the European Court of Justice, adopted after 15 March 2022, will be boicoted from the date of submission of the Russian Federation's declaration of withdrawal from the Council of Europe.
2441	12	The payment of compensations under the rulings of the European Court of Justice, which came into force until March 15, will be made only in rubles and only on accounts in Russian banks. The author of this initiative was in May the head of the Committee of the Council of the Federation on Constitutional Legislation and State Building Andrei Klishas.
2441	14	The Association of Lawyers of Russia began to work on the creation of a human rights court on the BRICS site – Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, in the CIS or on the territory of the Eurasian Economic Community. However, the political scientist Yuri Svetov has criticized this idea: the decisions of the alternative Court of Justice are unlikely to be recognized by the rest of the world, which does not include it.
2441	16	Through the ECHR they tried to press Russia.
2441	18	Peter Kolchin, an analyst of the Centre for Expert Support for Political Processes, said in a conversation with “360” that the leading European countries use the European Court of Justice as a tool to impose their political will on other countries, especially Russia.
2441	20	“The Court has repeatedly taken provocative decisions to protect criminals sentenced in our state for serious offences. It is obvious that such acts were taken exclusively from attempts to force the Russian Federation,” the lawyer said.
2441	22	According to the law of any state of the world, criminals must be liable for the damage they have caused to society and the state. But the Court of Justice justified them to overthrow Russia.
2441	24	“The withdrawal of Russia from any contact with the European Court of Justice will help our courts less focus on the absurd decisions of foreign structures. This will also significantly facilitate the entire work of our judicial system,” Kolchin said.
2441	25	Without the European Court of Justice, Russia will strengthen its sovereignty
2441	27	Analyst of the Centre for Expert Assistance of Political Processes “Expolite” Daniel Gureev reminded “360”, that the difficulties between the Russian Federation and the European Court of Human Rights have been since the beginning of Russia’s membership in the Council of Europe.
2441	29	In fact, the decisions made by the European Court are directly contrary to the decisions made by the Russian courts. Even in 2006 the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Sergey Lavrov, declared that the ECHR was politized,” the politiologist said.
2441	31	According to Article 15 of the Constitution of the Russian Federation, Russian legislation has the supreme force and prevails over international law. However, before amendments to the basic law of Russia, the situation was different and the European Court of Human Rights actively used it.
2441	33	“It was a system of Russian legislation and justified those criminals who were sentenced on the territory of the Russian Federation. Today for the European Court this is already impossible: the decisions that the court of Russia takes are higher than the decisions of the Court of Justice,” the politiologist explained.
2441	35	He added that the decisions that the European Court of Human Rights adopts today are exclusively politized. They are only needed to discredit Russia on the international arena – in fact it is the only function that remains with the European Court of Justice.
2441	37	"""Russia's refusal to implement the judgment of the European Court of Justice means one very simple thing: increasing sovereignty on the international arena through the legislation system. The Constitution of the Russian Federation works. Today we can say with certainty that third parties will no longer be able to interfere and make their own right in the judicial decisions that the Russian court makes,” Gureev said."
2442	3	For any thoughtful, well-thinking person – even if he is openly anti-Russia – it is quite obvious that the aid that the West provides to Ukraine in its confrontation with Russia cannot lead Ukraine to victory.
2442	4	And that’s why all people of this kind—thinking and well-thinking (even in Ukraine itself)—have long come to the conclusion that the West simply uses Ukraine to weaken Russia as much as possible.
2442	6	In principle, the question of Ukraine’s “donation” to Russia was clearly already resolved between Russia and the United States (and most likely this decision was recorded at the last meeting of Biden and Putin).
2442	8	At the same time, fundamental, strategic agreements do not mean that at the tactical level everything will happen quietly, peacefully, without collisions.
2442	10	Of course, there have been many cases in history when after strategic agreements, on the tactical level, everything happened quietly and peacefully (such as Gorbachev's surrender to the DDR and the rest of Eastern Europe in the late 1980s), but most often strategic agreement does not mean tactical peace of immediate changes in the area.
2442	12	Each party hopes that in the process of tactical “bottles” will be able to come out on the possibility of revision of strategic agreements. No one excludes any unexpected events in the process of local changes that change the whole set of forces: let’s say, any fatal errors of one of the parties, or the unexpected death of any key figures, or social revolts, revolts in one of the parties, or natural disasters, etc.
2442	14	Furthermore, the strategic agreement between the two parties does not mean that there will be no influence of any third (or fourth) party in the local situation.
2442	15	Let’s say, we don’t know at all hundred percent how much Britain in the Ukrainian case goes strictly in the USA or plays its game.
2442	17	So, the presence of agreement between Russia and the United States on Ukraine does not mean painless surrender of Ukraine.
2442	19	Let’s say, both sides are sure that they won’t cross any critical boundaries: well there, the supply of truly powerful modern weapons to Ukraine – together with the ready crew, or the introduction of NATO troops, and on our side – the non-use of the same nuclear weapons or hyper sound weapons on American objects, etc.
2442	21	And here, in the Telegram channels I met interesting information, which shows that the character of the actions of the West in Ukraine has a powerful theoretical basis on the line of behavioral psychology (i.e. By the line of biheviorism, on which all existing manipulation technologies are based, starting with NLP, etc.by 2443
2443	3	European solidarity turns into a farce at the time of trials
2443	5	"The coronavirus revealed hypocrisy. ""This is the true face of Europe,"" the Italian newspaper ""Jornale"" on March 14 published an article accusing the European Union of betrayal for the failure of the EU to help Italy, the victim of the epidemic."
2443	7	 “The real enemy of the European Union, the European Union itself, which in a few days broke down, as if never existed. We have been told for years that a single Europe is our true goal, that Brexit is a symbol of betrayal, that our bright future is Brussels, that true European leaders are those who sit in Paris and Berlin and know how a united Europe is going towards a bright future. However, it was just a few days of worrying that the hotest supporters of the European design would lose all confidence. No one in the European Union responded to desperate requests for the transfer of new pulmonary ventilation equipment, no one sent medical and sanitary workers to help, no one thought to order their “investors” to stop speculation on the exchange that was broken by striking the strategic reserves of Italy. Closed borders, stopped factories, telephone calls without answers.
2443	9	Not only is globalization breaking down, “Jornale” notes. “Today, it has hit the confidence of unreliable liberalism in the market, whose victories have been crossed in one moment. Wall Street is covered by an unprecedented crisis, with hundreds of billions of euros wasted in just one day of the exchange. “In these few weeks, Europe has disappeared, turning back to those in need of help.”
2443	11	Italy has become the main victim of the pandemic in Europe. The number of infected is already about 18 thousand, and died from the coronavirus on the Apennines, according to the latest data, 1266 people, of which 250 - only in the last days. However, instead of European solidarity, the EU neighbors began to close the borders with Italy, as Austria and Slovenia have already done.
2443	13	Today, the production of the masks needed to fight the pandemic is concentrated in China (up to 90%), and it turned out that in Europe the means of protection are sharply lacking. As said Alberto Spasani, a representative of the company that produces anti-gas and protective glasses for the Italian army, the government should immediately call the manufacturers of protective materials to organize the production of masks at affordable prices, and provide economic assistance to entrepreneurs. However, nothing was done. As a result, the speculators began to raise the prices of the masks. The government has announced its intention to purchase 34 million masks, but they are not currently available on the market. 
2443	15	It is not ready to fight the virus and the National Health Service of Italy. As the weekly “Espresso” writes, “Our edition asked this question to doctors... economists, scientists, experts, members of municipalities. The unanimous answer is no. We are not ready! 244
2444	2	The President of Russia adopts the Parade of the Generation of the Winners
2444	4	Vladimir Putin has repeatedly hosted the Victory Parade, but the Parade in honor of the 75th anniversary of victory in the Great Patriotic War has become one of the most complicated and responsible for the President of Russia. The coronavirus epidemic first forced the date of the Parade to be shifted, then imposed super-complex restrictions, preventing many of those who wanted to come to the holiday from other countries. But the most important thing was not cancelled.
2444	6	Congratulations on the 75th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War! The victory, which determined the future of the planet for decades ahead and forever remained in history as the greatest in its scale, significance and spiritual, moral height, Putin addressed to those gathered on the Red Square.
2444	8	On one tribune with the President of Russia were the presidents of Abkhazia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Serbia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and South Ossetia who arrived in Moscow.
2444	10	Just 75 years ago, a legendary winner parade took place at the walls of the Kremlin. This parade remained in history as a triumph of unprecedented force, as a celebration of good over evil, peace over war, life over death. Today we tend our heads to the light memory of all those who have not come from the war.
2444	12	A traditional minute of silence seemed impossible on the many thousand Red Square, but nevertheless, absolute silence was established on the vast space.
2444	14	“We will always remember that Nazi has destroyed the Soviet people – millions of people of different nationalities from all the republics of the Soviet Union,” Putin said. On the front and in the back, in the partisan troops and in the ground, they fought and worked according to the laws of courage and unity. Defending their land, they continued to fight. Liberated from the invaders of the state of Europe, put an end to the terrible tragedy of the Holocaust, saved the people of Germany from Naziism, from its deadly ideology. And it’s impossible even to imagine what would happen to the world – the Red Army should not stand on its defence.
2444	16	75 years after the end of the war, Russia has to remind the world who saved him from death.
2444	18	Our duty is to remember that the Soviet people had the main severity of the fight against Nazism. It was our people who managed to overcome the terrible, total evil, destroyed more than 600 divisions of the enemy, destroyed 75 percent of the total number of aircraft, tanks, artillery weapons of the enemy, and to the end, to the victory point, passed their heroic, just, undefinitely sacrificed path. Today, veterans of the Great Patriotic War live in different countries. But it is impossible to divide the unified, great accomplishment of the salvation of the whole peoples from death, barbarism and slavery. This accomplishment without any exaggeration is the fortune of all mankind.
2444	20	The President promised that Russia will never cease to honour the memory of the accomplishment.
2444	22	Congratulations to the victorious generation of Nazis! Congratulations to the Heroes of the Patriotic War! - completed his speech Putin.2445
2445	3	Turkey has negotiated the migration crisis with the European Union and the UK online.
2445	5	The leaders of France, Britain, Germany and Turkey held an online meeting on Tuesday, March 17. The meeting was planned in Istanbul, but due to the coronavirus pandemic the form of the meeting had to be changed.
2445	7	During the teleconference, European leaders Emmanuel Macron, Angela Merkel and Boris Johnson discussed with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan issues such as the migration crisis, the relations between Turkey and the European Union, and the situation with the spread of the coronavirus. This was in the administration of the Turkish President.
2445	9	“In the four-party talks between the leaders of Turkey, Britain, France and Germany, the parties discussed joint efforts to combat the spread of the coronavirus, as well as humanitarian assistance to the inhabitants of the Syrian Idlib, the problem with migrants, the situation in Libya and the relations of Turkey with the EU,” the statement said.
2445	11	Who stands on what?
2445	13	Turkish President Erdogan stands firmly on his position. Turkey will only observe the retention agreement if Europe takes part of its responsibility to resolve the situation. There are already 4.5 million refugees in Turkey. Furthermore, the border of Turkey opened since the end of February has not helped thousands of refugees cross the EU border in the Greek region.
2445	15	    “Greece has not allowed anyone to cross the border. People met with tear gas and waterproofs, and as a result, more than 10,000 of them are now sitting in tents on the slopes of land, a few kilometers away from the border post of Pasarkule. Ankara is pushing them forward. But they don’t need Athens,” the French newspaper Le Figaro writes.
2445	17	The Turkish Foreign Ministry has accused Greece of violating international law and human rights. “Greece prevents the movement of refugees across its border contrary to the 1951 Geneva Convention and EU legislation,” the ministry said.
2445	19	Erdogan hopes to tend the European Union to intensify pressure in Idlib and to support his settlement project in northern Syria for the displacement of displaced persons there.
2445	20	Where are you, mom? Syrian refugees returned from Germany to Latvia
2445	21	Evacuation of a large refugee camp in Paris
2445	23	The European Union, in turn, has declared Turkey a chantage, which uses migrants as a spark of political pressure on the European Union. In Brussels, they are convinced that Erdogan intends to “attract migrants by open doors” – not only those who fled from the last armed conflict in Idlib, but also migrants who lived in Turkey as part of the 2016 detention agreement.
2445	25	    “The leaders of the European Union. Baltnews) doesn’t like that he (Erdogan – prim. Baltnews calls the Greeks “Nazi” and leads an informational war with the Athens. They remind that the provision of visas is due to a number of criteria that have not been fulfilled (the observance of the norms of the rule of law and freedom of speech in Turkey)...” – writes Le Figaro.
2445	27	The last four-party summit has led to a small breakdown in the relations between Turkey and the European Union – in particular, on the part of humanitarian aid to refugees from Idlib and the observance of ceasefire, Le Figaro reports. However, now each of the parties will be waiting for initiatives from the partner.
2445	29	    The meeting of the European Council on March 26 is only possible if Ankara stops the people’s outflow that it has started. “...By all this, the EU needs to improve the adopted measures to accommodate refugees,” said Le Figaro’s expert Mark Pjerini.
2445	31	Controversial migration agreement
2445	33	On 29 February, Turkey opened its western border for refugees. Thus, Turkey violated the Agreement with the European Union on the Control of Migrants, concluded in 2016. The Turkish authorities have explained that they are unable to cope with Syrian refugees on their own.
2445	35	"Turkish President Erdogan has accused Europe of the incident. He said he was forced to ""sweat the locks from the door"" by European countries that did not meet the terms of the agreement."
2445	36	Coronavirus against migrants: what will strike Europe’s unity stronger
2445	37	Migrant in a mask at the Turkish border point in Pasarkule, Greece, March 5, 2020
2445	39	"The joint plan to tackle the migration crisis included that the European Union was committed to helping Turkey with funding, returning to Turkey all the refugees captured at the Greek border, and also receiving legitimate migrants from Syria at a rate ""one for one""."
2445	41	"In Ankara, however, they that investments for removing migrants from the European Union were never done. President Erdogan said that Turkey would go without ""existing"" withdrawals from the euro funds, and on February 29 opened boundaries for refugees from the East."
2446	3	"The head of the Department of Public Relations of the Federation of Jewish Communities of Russia, Borukh Gorin, condemned the actor, Igor Berayev, for comparing covid restrictions in Moscow with the Holocaust. He appreciated the words of the artist in a conversation with the edition ""Pods""."
2446	5	"Horin said that the comparison of the prohibition of visiting people’s places with the Warsaw ghetto “not indicates high intelligence.” “And the disappointment is to stick the golden six-point star, without understanding that it is a vulgarization of catastrophe, genocide, murder of children,” the speaker added. He also noted that Beroev exposed himself to disturbance and laughter, and his words are ""a sign of a planned state of moral and ethical sense."""
2446	7	"On Tuesday, June 22, Russian actor Igor Beroev made a statement on coronavirus restrictions on the awarding of the ""TEFI - Victory Letter"". He appeared on the scene in a pijama with a big yellow star, similar to those that the Nazis forced to carry Jews on the territories under the control of the authorities of Germany during the Holocaust. The artist called for “to prevent the segregation of society on smart and foolish, Jewish and non-Jewish, vaccinated and non-vaccinated.” Beroev also announced that he was not vaccinated, and was surprised why the ""sons of the winners"" allowed covid prohibitions."
2446	9	From June 28 in Moscow, only citizens with protection from COVID-19 will be able to visit restaurants, cafés and other places of mass gathering. These include coronavirus vaccinated people who have suffered the disease in the last six months and have a negative PCR test.
2447	2	Ukrainian Ambassador Melnik: the authorities of Germany do not provide the right hospitality to refugees, so the Ukrainians leave
2447	4	The authorities of Germany do not provide the Ukrainian refugees with the duty of hospitality, said Ukrainian ambassador to Germany Andrei Melnik.
2447	6	About the next criticism of the authorities of Germany by the Ukrainian ambassador writes the newspaper Bild. In an interview with the newspaper, Melnik called on Berlin to wonder why the Ukrainians don’t want to stay in Germany.
2447	8	“Most people are returning from Germany without getting the right hospitality,” Melnik said.
2447	10	In addition, the ambassador spoke about the likely deadlines for Ukraine’s entry into the European Union, stressing that “this will be possible for years.”
2447	12	“We don’t need the entrance through the black path, we need a fair process,” the ambassador said.
2447	14	"Melnik is not the first time to criticize the German authorities for the delay in the supply of weapons to Ukraine. In an interview with the German media group Funke, he was embarrassed that ""the promised 15 Gepard jet facilities could be delivered at the earliest time in late July, and another 15 - only at the end of August."" Melnik noted that Germany was able to place at least 100 Marder infantry combat machines and 88 Leopard-1 tanks."
2447	16	"The Ukrainian ambassador accused former Chancellor Angela Merkel of lack of self-criticism, and her successor, Olaf Scholz, called ""the insulted liberal colbass""."
2447	17	Previously radio Sputnik told, the Ukrainian ambassador shameed Germany for refusing to supply weapons to the US Army.
2448	3	The events in Ukraine put the world into the energy crisis. Since the Russian troops began crossing the country’s borders, oil prices have risen more than a quarter. Gas prices have risen almost twice. And the prospects for both markets are not promising; as Western countries use sanctions to limit Russia’s ability to finance its special operations through oil and gas revenues, energy prices are likely to remain high and unstable. The uncertainty of war time coincides with concerns about climate change, causing even greater concerns about the future of global energy. Countries had to begin to give up fossil fuel decades ago to protect the planet. Now they have to do this in a time when people pay higher prices.
2448	5	While countries are trying to lower high energy prices and reduce their dependence on Russia while fighting climate change, many again show interest in nuclear energy. It is easy to understand why. Atomic energy is already one of the world’s largest sources of carbon-free energy, which accounts for 25% of the European Union’s electricity. Unlike most types of renewable energy, such as solar and wind, nuclear energy can reliably produce a large amount of electricity every hour of the year. And this has already helped Europe to give up fossil fuels produced in other countries of the world, including natural gas from Russia.
2448	7	But in the short term, the growing dependence of Europe on nuclear energy will not release the continent from Russian fuel. As Europe became dependent on Russian oil and gas, so much of the world became dependent on Russia regarding the materials needed to produce nuclear energy. Russia has almost half of the world’s uranium enrichment capacity for nuclear fuel production, and 40% of the nuclear energy produced in Europe is dependent on uranium from Russia or Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, close allies of the Kremlin. Approximately half of all U.S. nuclear power plants – about 10% of the total production of electricity in the U.S. – are fueled by imports from these three countries (this fact can explain why the U.S. nuclear industry has lobbyed the exclusion of uranium from sanctions on imports of energy from Russia).
2448	9	Russia also dominates the export and construction of nuclear power plants, especially in developing countries. Its closest competitor is China, another autocracy. States signing contracts with China or Russia may depend on them for decades in terms of nuclear fuel and services.
2448	11	To put an end to the domination of Russia in nuclear business (and to prevent China from taking its place), democratic countries must take seriously to support their domestic nuclear industry, especially when new innovative technologies come to the market. They must conduct a nuclear demand policy as part of their wider climate programmes, and they must invest in the creation of nuclear production capabilities that could reliably supply the growing global market. This is crucial both for the fight against climate change and for the limitation of the global power of authoritarian regimes.
2449	3	The Western world continues to be in a situation where reality daily leads an angry and persistent struggle with the world of fairy tale fantasies. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, speaking at the Austrian World Summit (this is the annual climate conference in Vienna), said that the policy of investing in the intelligence and mining of fossil fuels is unacceptable and absurd.
2449	4	It should be noted that this is far from the first such a fall of Guterres towards the states desperately trying to keep the increasingly floating world and national economies.
2449	6	In May, the Secretary-General, discussing the results of the annual UN climate change report, collapsed with criticism on all countries, either increasing natural gas, oil and coal consumption, or delaying the so-called green transition to the best times. Guterres confused that countries that have officially set their goal of complete decarbonization by 2050, instead of spending four trillion dollars annually for the production of alternative sources of energy, prefer to keep the hydrocarbons on the energy base and balance position for much less money. Such a policy, according to the head of the organization, is a fool from which there is no way out, and talking about the fight against global warming here is not necessary.
2449	8	In March, Mr. Secretary-General noted a no less idiotic spike, in which he called investments in coal mining and consumption a dangerous stupidity.
2449	9	These words sounded at the height of the anti-Russian hystery, when on the wave of new sanctions the Western countries broke their head to search for alternative energy suppliers. Indeed, very quickly it became clear that one thing to want and quite another is power. To replace coal from Russia, the third largest exporter in the world, is actually nothing. Australia, which is the first line in the sale of its black gold, is physically unable to close the formed market hole, the same production there after China imposed a complete ban on Australian coal, significantly dropped. Indonesia did not help. When in December it was revealed that the country’s critically low (factually zero) coal reserves on power plants, Jakarta, without wisdom, introduced a total export ban. It was later removed, but the volume of supplies did not even close to the indicators of last year.
2449	11	Guterres was so annoyed that he called the world’s leading economies with moonets leading to the climate disaster.
2449	13	This is probably the first time that we come to the leaders of the Western countries.
2449	14	To the Secretary-General of the United Nations, an organization that does not earn a single cent, but exists exclusively on generous donations of the world community and not less generously spends these (foreign) money at its own discretion, it is easy to speak and dress. The world economy, which after the sudden Covid-appercott (we use the sports terminology) went into a deep nockdown, with the beginning of a special military operation in Ukraine and the sanctions war against Russia finally collapsed on the ring already in the nockdown.
2449	16	European enterprises are reducing or drastically reducing the production of the very different products (from cars to agricultural goods), which is already overwhelmed by autumn if not hunger, then surprising figures in the prices on the product reels. Inflation beat historical records, due to the lack of workers, part of the fields of the Old World and Britain will remain with uncolored harvest.
245	3	Putin’s Russia today is like Hitler’s Germany 80 years ago, and Putin is the same as Hitler.
245	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to the video of Petro Poroshenko on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation.
245	7	Poroshenko also emphasized that the world had to hold the Russian Führer still when he only submitted the first clues to his revanchist plans.
245	9	"Never again should the horrors of World War II be repeated, the destruction of innocent people, the destruction of the foundations of civilization. “Never Again” was repeated again and again. After the attack on Georgia, after the occupation of Crimea, after the aggression in the east of our country. But the repetition of the words could not replace the action to defend the peace. Not one year has been the more peaceful creation of the aggressor, who reacted to ""Never Again"" - ""We can repeat,"" - said Poroshenko."
245	11	Now Russian aggression has spread throughout the territory of Ukraine, he adds.
245	13	"Again, the aggressor denies our right to exist, declares his right by force to cross borders. We, Ukrainians, have the right to life. At the same time, he uses all the instruments of Nazism: the bombings of cities and villages, the genocide of the civilian population, the total lies in the media,"" Porošenko said."
245	15	"Poroshenko notes that the destruction of educational institutions, libraries and museums copied from the Hitler plan ""OST"", which provided for the transformation of Ukraine into a source of raw materials and slave labour. And the export from the occupied territories is the repetition of the Hunger."
245	17	“Today, as in the Second World War, we are in advance. Today, the free world is again faced with a deadly danger. The unbearable evil will not stop in Ukraine. This is very well understood by the peoples who have made a decisive contribution to the victory in the Second World War. These peoples and governments are now supporting us and further developing support for Ukraine, forming a legally powerful anti-Putin coalition. Weapons, sanctions, opposition to Russian propaganda, humanitarian aid, refugees, strengthening the unity of NATO and the EU are no longer slogans, they are concrete actions. “Naziism and fascism have been defeated – we will defeat and racism,” he said.
2450	1	Andrei Unionist: European trendsets became the authors of Russian-phobic agitocks
2450	3	Russia should continue to pursue the objectives of a special military operation for the demilitarization and denification of Ukraine. The destruction of the neo-Nazi regime on its territory will be the most effective response of Moscow to the Russo-fobic insinuations of the West. A typical example of such insinuations is the article of British historian Neil Ferguson “Seven worst scenarios of war in Ukraine.”
2450	5	Epidemic of Rusophobia
2450	7	"The longer the special military operation for the demilitarization and denification of Ukraine continues, the higher the degree of the epidemic of rusophobia observed in the West. What, in general, is quite clear. For many in the West, it was a real shock to realize that Russia, after the collapse of the USSR, not only ""stepped up from the knees"", but also dared to defend its national interests. The presence of the Russian Federation’s strategic nuclear forces lacked the opponents of Moscow the opportunity to confront the “rebel” on the Yugoslav scenario. The consequence of this impotence and became the turmoil abroad of rusophobia, as the European mainstream. Those who attended Russia positively or, at least, neutrally, in Europe were exposed to ostracism or simply turned back to the second level. European trendsets were those who treated the Russian Federation strongly negatively."
2450	9	One of the brilliant representatives of this cohort of public opinion leaders can be considered the famous British historian, writer and journalist Neil Ferguson. To be honest, how serious scientist Ferguson proved himself not. For example, the domestic sociologist Alexander Tarasov called Ferguson a falsificer of history, and Nobel laureate in economics Paul Krugman characterized the British as follows: “He’s a pozer... when it comes to economics, he doesn’t make it difficult for himself to understand the foundations, relying on echidic comments and superficial mind to transmit the impression of wisdom.”
2450	11	Nevertheless, this “falsificer and puzzle” is now actively commenting on the events of the Ukrainian crisis in Western media, thus imposing its views on the European public. Furthermore, far recently Ferguson published in Bloomberg a material under the very red-speaking title: “Seven worst scenarios of war in Ukraine.”
2450	13	I think it will be interesting for the domestic reader to get acquainted with Mr. Ferguson's conclusions, well they are characteristic for other Western leaders of public opinion.
2450	15	“Save to the Globe”
2450	17	"Discussing the current events in Ukraine, Ferguson tries to make parallels with the events of the German-Polish War of 1939, which, in general, from a historical point of view seems to be an open “tracking of the cave to the globe.” However, such ""smallings"" of the author of the text on Bloomberg are not interested, as apparently, and his target audience. Ferguson is important to put in the head of the readers two fundamental theses: Russia today, it is some “reincarnation of the Third Reich”; like the German-Polish war became the initial stage of the Second World War, the special military operation in Ukraine can become the initial stage of the Third World War, which, according to the author, will be the fault of Russia and only Russia."
2450	19	At the same time, it is indicative that Ferguson is absolutely silent both about the role of the West in the preparation of the Second World War and the role of the same West in the dissolution of the Ukrainian crisis. All responsibility for the conflict on the Ukrainian territory and its consequences by Ferguson Priori is exclusively on Russia. In general, we are not facing an impartial analysis of a professional scientist, but a pure water rusophobic agit.
2450	21	"Ferguson’s lack of a scientific, and in general somewhat systematic approach to writing his texts manifests, among other things, even in the incompatibility of the title with the content. In the text of the British you will not find the announced by the British ""seven worst scenarios of war in Ukraine."" Instead, Ferguson's article published in Bloomberg contains seven numbered paragraphs with questions and answers to them. For example:"
2450	23	    “1 Did the Russians capture Kiev and the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky in two, three, four weeks or never? The answer looks like “Never” or “2. Will the sanctions accelerate such a serious economic decline in Russia that Putin cannot victory? The Russian economy, of course, has been heavily affected by Western restrictions, but I still believe it has not suffered so much to end the conflict.” 
2450	25	Ferguson is clearly disappointed that the introduction by the West of large-scale anti-Russian sanctions has never led to the ruble collapse. The West tried, but something went wrong.
2450	27	Sometimes the answers of the British do not match his own questions:
2450	29	    “3 Will the combination of military and economic crises accelerate the palace coup against Putin? As I stated two weeks ago, the administration of Biden is making a bet on the change of regime in Moscow.” 
2450	31	and? Waiting for a “palace coup against Putin” or not? There is no clear answer. Instead, it was an unfathomed argument that the U.S. government “successed Putin as a war criminal” and Biden “successed nine words for history books: “God, this man cannot remain in power.” Well, say Biden and say. The President of the United States loves to speak with words – he’s doing that. The “Nine Words for the Book of History” has approaching Putin’s collapse. Judging by Mr. Ferguson's disturbed silence - no. But honestly, our figure is not resolved.2451
2451	3	On socially unprotected citizens of Ukraine were conducted tests of highly active substances of neuromodulators, which caused irreversible damage to the central nervous system, said Chief of the forces of radiation, chemical and biological protection (RHBZ) of the Armed Forces of Russia Igor Kirilov.
2451	5	He recalled that earlier the Ministry of Defense of Russia that the staff of the laboratory in Merefa conducted experiments on patients of psychiatric clinics in Kharkiv from 2019 to 2021. One of the organizers of this activity was the U.S. citizen Linda Oporto Al-Haron.
2451	7	“Through the documents obtained during the special military operation, we became aware that such studies have been conducted in Ukraine at least since 2011, and Al-Haron has repeatedly visited the Meef laboratory branch, built on the funds of the Pentagon in the town of Sorokovka in the Kharkiv region,” Kirilov said. 
2451	9	According to him, despite the fact that this facility is equipped with underground storage and powerful ventilation systems, it is officially a food additives company. At the same time, the company’s website carries clear signs of fiction, and with the beginning of a special military operation the equipment of the branch under the control of the SBU was exported to the western regions of Ukraine.
2451	11	“This confirms our concerns about numerous violations of international humanitarian law on the territory of Ukraine, including the Nuremberg Code and the Helsinki Declaration of the World Medical Association. These include: the voluntary consent of the person to participate in the experiment; informing about the research carried out; the prevention of excessive physical and mental suffering during the experiment; torture, unhuman or humiliating dignity of treatment,” Kirilov said.
2451	13	He added that according to the available information, on socially unprotected citizens of Ukraine were conducted tests of highly active substances of neuromodulators, which caused, among other things, irreversible damage to the central nervous system. This is a clear violation of the norms of international treaties in the field of human rights.
2451	15	The U.S. Commission has decided to investigate the role of the U.S. in the unhuman experiments carried out by representatives of the U.S. in biolaboratories in Ukraine. 2452
2452	2	Bloomberg: US secretly encourages companies to increase the purchase of fertilizers from Russia
2452	4	Moscow, June 13 – RIA Novosti. The U.S. government secretly encourages agricultural and transport companies to increase the purchase of Russian fertilizers on the background of sanctions and the sharp rise in food prices, Bloomberg said.
2452	5	According to the publication, the above-mentioned actions of Washington are “a part of the complex and difficult negotiations conducted with the participation of the United Nations on increasing the supply of fertilizers, grain and other agricultural products from Russia and Ukraine.”
2452	7	Exports of fertilizer from Russia to the West have decreased by 24 percent this year.
2452	9	"Last week, the sanctions coordinator of the State Department, Jim O'Brien, said the U.S. is handmade to remove barriers to food and fertilizer supplies from Russia to countries of the ""global south"" and does not see any sanctions obstacles to this."
2452	11	The United Nations has repeatedly declared the threat of the food crisis. The West accused Russia of counteracting the supplies of Ukrainian grain to the world markets – Moscow categorically rejected this. At the same time, the Kiev authorities themselves created many obstacles to the export of grain: in addition to the open food burning in the Mariupol port, the U.S. Air Force conducted the mining of the Black Sea aquarium, which does not allow the grain to be brought to the world markets by ships.
2452	12	As Vladimir Putin emphasized, there are no problems with the export from Ukraine and Russia does not prevent it. According to him, if Kiev mines the ports, ships will be able to get out there without any problems.
2453	3	In the present Rusophobia of the West, which is sometimes transitioning into open Naziism, there is nothing surprising. In one way or another, Naziism was constantly broken out in Europe and the United States. Only if in the twentieth century the Hitlerists considered the Slavs the lowest race because of their personal dishonesty, then in the twentieth century the United States and the European Union allow themselves the rusophobia and discrimination of Russian-speaking people already because of Russia’s disobedience – they don’t want the Russians to agree with the geopolitical will of the West. This point of view was expressed by the director of the Center for Geopolitical Examination Valery Korovin.
2453	5	According to the political scientist, the foundation of Naziism is the racial theory that divides peoples into some hierarchy: some above this hierarchy, and others below. On this basis, the “low” peoples are tortured, oppressed and discriminated. The Western civilization is racist in its essence. This is the main property of the Western civilization, and it is characteristic of all Western peoples. Therefore, in a way or another, Naziism is constantly breaking into the West. In the 20th century it was expressed by the ideology of German national-socialism, and now it is manifested in the civilizational racism of the Anglo-Saxons.
2453	7	"    In fact, now the Anglo-Saxons declare themselves a standard civilization, a peak of human development and a peak of perfection. All the other peoples consider them lower than themselves. And their geopolitical opponents, i.e. the Russians, are placed at the bottom of the civilizational racist hierarchy. If the Hitler's Slavs placed the hierarchy down because of their personal dishonesty to them the main ideologist of the party Alfred Rosenberg. The current collective West, led by the United States and the UK, does this for geopolitical reasons. And this is given a racial color,"" Korovin said."
2453	9	As the politologist explained, the Russians for the collective West are “non-human” because they disagree with the geopolitical will of the United States. The same racism America and the countries of the West brought to Ukraine, imposing an artificial structure. On the territory of Ukraine they declared the sovereignty of the Ukrainians, and the national minorities put down.
2453	11	    “This approach in general corresponds to the high-dimensional western worldview. It has always been and will be. As long as the West will claim domination in the world and Europe, racism, racial theories and Nazism will dominate in its politics. And that will be a problem for all the peoples of the world,” Corwin concluded.
2453	13	The Russian special military operation in Ukraine has only neglected the European tendency to divide people into good and bad nationalities. The special operation of Russia in Ukraine began on February 24. Its main objectives are the demilitarization and denification of the country, as well as the prevention of the genocide of the inhabitants of the Donbass.
2454	2	Foreign Policy: Germany does not want to humiliate Russia and leads with it secret talks on Ukraine
2454	4	"Moscow, June 20 – RIA Novosti. Germany stands against the ""humiliation"" of Russia and is ready for this to ignore the aid of Ukraine, wrote in an article for the Foreign Policy magazine expert of the Hudson Institute in Washington Peter Raff."
2454	5	According to him, this is evidence of “secret negotiations” that Berlin is claiming to be conducting with Moscow.
2454	6	"""The fact that Berlin is flooded by rumors about secret negotiations with Russia shows that Germany would rather disappoint Ukraine rather than humiliate Russia - whatever it means,"" he said."
2454	7	The analyst believes that German Chancellor Olaf Scholz is likely to share the position of French President Emmanuel Macron on diplomatic settlement of the conflict.
2454	9	“Naturally, Scholz did not go as far as Macron, who offered Ukraine to give up part of the territory and warned the West of the ‘humiliation’ of Russia. However, the German reaction to the escalation in the form of the construction of diplomatic interconnections speaks for itself,” the expert said.
2454	10	Raf pointed attention to the minority of military aid that Berlin provides to Kiev.
2454	12	“As, Scholz also refuses his promise to deploy additional troops in Lithuania within the framework of NATO’s strategy to retire Russia in the Baltic,” the author said.
2457	3	"Vladimir Ilyichev said that Russia ""will not close itself from peace and break traditional ties."""
2457	5	Geneva on June 12. and cor. TASS Constantine Profits. Russia, which is the world’s largest food exporter, does not intend to leave this market. This was stated in an interview with TASS by Deputy Minister of Economic Development Vladimir Ilyichev, who headed the Russian delegation at the 12th Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) opened on Sunday in Geneva.
2457	6	Causes of the food crisis
2457	8	"“As a major food supplier on the world market, we intend to continue to stay on it, deliver our products to our partners, our traditional consumers and are ready for this to take all the actions available to us, which have been repeatedly stated. But in order for the system to work, it is necessary that all participants in the process pursue results,"" the head of the delegation said."
2457	10	"The topic of food supply will be discussed at the present WTO conference. However, the views on the causes of the food crisis are "" substantially different,"" Ilyichev continued. Russia follows that the causes of the rise of food prices on the world market ""in a large part are linked to inflation, which was caused by the flow of unprovided goods of money to eliminate the consequences of the pandemic in developed countries."" “Even last year there were major problems with the price level of wheat and some other goods. This, of course, is associated with the destruction of supply chains during the pandemic, but now, unfortunately, a sanctions war has been imposed on it, the deputy minister continued. When we are trying to be accused of the food crisis and of its possible intensification in the foreseeable future, we say, ""Lord, first eliminate the consequences that you artificially create by breaking supply chains, not allowing grain to be transported and carrying out food transport insurance."""
2457	12	“We don’t really expect any solution [food problems] will be found on the WTO site,” the agency’s spokesman said. He pointed out that at the time of discussing this issue on a number of other international sites, the European Union adopted the sixth package of sanctions against Russia, and one of the country’s largest banks – Rosselkosbank – was disabled from the SWIFT system. “How then food supplies should be carried out in general, if it becomes extremely difficult to pay for it,” the head of the delegation said.
2457	14	Anti-Russian sanctions
2457	16	"According to the Deputy Minister, the topic of anti-Russia sanctions, “obviously, will be discussed in different forms” at the current WTO conference. At the same time, representatives of the Western countries, according to all, will try again at the forum to present the problems arising at the world matches as a consequence of the actions of Russia. “We do not agree with that. We are trying to calmly explain that we intend to continue to participate in the system of international trade,"" Ilyichev explained. “Russia does not intend to close itself from the world and break the traditional ties.” Moscow continues to see “the advantage of participating in international trade and division of labour.”"
2457	18	Answering the question of whether it is worth expecting from the Western countries to try to use the WTO platform to impose, as they do in other international organizations, politized discussion about the events in Ukraine, Ilychev said: “Yes, we come from that [they are here] will speak exactly the same speeches they have spoken in the last months. But, in our opinion, we now need to negotiate a return to the normal application of the rules of trade.” The sanctions policy of the states included by Russia on the list of unfriendly states, in essence, destroys this system, the deputy minister stated. In Moscow, they believe that “there is a need to discuss how to preserve this system because no one will win from the breakdown of the world into blocks.”
2457	20	The Russian delegation has scheduled a number of bilateral meetings in Geneva. “We have a full program, meetings with colleagues from different countries – with those with whom we continue active cooperation, we are looking for ways to maintain our economic connections, in something to improve them, to intensify them, to solve the problems of the breakdown of the logistics chains,” the head of the delegation said. The sanctions policy of the West, he emphasized, creates not only problems, but also opens new opportunities for Russia. “To take advantage of these opportunities, we will talk here with those who are ready to talk to us,” Iljichev said.
2458	2	"Senator Pushkov calls ""North Stream 2"" Merkel's biggest failure"
2458	4	"Moscow, June 13 – RIA Novosti. The suspension of the ""North Stream-2"" certification occurred on the fault of the Ukrainian policy of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and this became her biggest failure, Senator Aleksei Pushkov told Telegram."
2458	5	The parliamentary reminiscent that the former head of the German government supported the violent change of power in Kiev, and was also a supporter of the western path of development of Ukraine.
2458	6	As a result, Merkel’s childhood – “North Stream – 2”, in whose necessity and usefulness she was convinced for Germany, became the victim of her policy of encouraging aggressive forces in Kiev. Probably this was her biggest failure – from the point of view of the genuine, not imagined interests of Germany,” Pushkov wrote.
2458	7	According to Pushkov, Merkel is also directly responsible for the current events in Ukraine.
2458	9	After the start of the Russian special operation for the liberation of the Donbass, the West increased the sanctions pressure on Moscow. Some countries have announced the frozen of Russian assets, many brands have left the country. The EU has already adopted six packages of sanctions, which, in particular, provide for a gradual embargo on coal and oil imports.
2458	11	In the Kremlin, what is happening is called an economic war that has not yet been. As Vladimir Putin stated, the policy of retardation and weakening of Russia is a long-term strategy of the West, and the sanctions have caused a serious blow to the entire world economy. According to him, the main goal of the United States and Europe is to worsen the lives of millions of people.
246	1	Do you say “never again”? Talk about Ukraine: Zelensky recorded address from Borodyanka 
246	3	President Vladimir Zelensky on the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation addressed the Ukrainians. His appeal the head of state recorded from the destroyed Borodyanka, that in the Kiev region.
246	5	This is by the RBC-Ukraine with reference to the Office of the President.
246	7	This year we’re saying “Never Again” differently. We hear “never again” differently. It sounds painful, hard. Without questioning, but with a questioning sign. Do you say “never again”? Tell us about Ukraine. On the 24th of February the word was never destroyed, shot and bombed. Hundreds of missiles at 4 a.m., which woke up all of Ukraine. We heard a joke explosion. We heard it again,” Zelensky said.
246	9	The President noted that after 77 years after the end of the Second World War, “the evil has been recovered.”
246	11	Unfortunately, there are those who have suffered all of these crimes, losing millions of people who have fought for victory and gained it, today dirty the memory of their actions. The one who allowed to shoot the city of Ukraine from his land. “The one who plunged in the face of his Immortal Plateau, placing a bullet from Buchi next to him and threw the challenge to all mankind, but forgot the main thing: whatever ends the same – it ends,” the guardian added.
246	13	Zelensky called on the Ukrainians today to honor the memory of all the fighters with Nazism and the victims of the Second World War.
246	15	Today, May 8, Ukraine celebrates the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation.
2460	1	The highest price for gasoline - in the country sitting on the oil and gas needle
2460	3	The cost of car fuel, without any doubt, is included in the list of topics that are most hotly discussed by any society on any side of the ocean. Western media suddenly published data that, according to the idea, should calm the European and American society. It is that the most expensive car gasoline in the Western Hemisphere is sold in Norway.
2460	4	A liter of local fuel costs 27 crowns, which at the current rate is 155 rubles.
2460	6	A funny fact: the original publications on this topic divided in broad circles in the American segment. Obviously, in this way, the Oceanic publications are trying to save the irresistibly picking ranking of the current president. The Americans, the largest car nation on the planet, are now forced to buy gasoline for five to six dollars per gallon, which is one and a half times more than in the beginning of the year. Considering that Joe Biden is currently supported by only 39 percent of Americans and 47 percent are categorically dissatisfied with the results of his work, it is becoming more and more difficult to record increasing fuel cost figures on Vladimir Putin’s statements.
2460	8	Nevertheless, let us leave policy questions to profiles and talk about the undifference of the perception of long-known paradigms and some profoundly rooted myths.
2460	9	Norway, like the other countries of Scandinavia, in the mass consciousness of our citizens since the time when the internet was not yet invented, and all the news and spellets were transmitted orally on the kitchen, overwhelmed by almost a fairy tale orale. Here is a fantastic (most progressive) system of school education, which at the same time cannot praise even the winners of the international Olympics, and roadways, for decades without repairs and without knowing the jams and the choices, and much more. One of the most vivid myths: all the inhabitants of the western world – and the Scandinavian countries in particular – are very secure people.
2460	10	Don’t rush to close the page, no one is going to destroy this confidence today.
2460	11	With regard to Norway, it can really be said that it is a very rich country with a high level of life, indeed, there is one but that will not like all those who are used to regret because the fate has thrown him into a country sitting on a raw needle.
2460	13	The fact is that the well-being of Norway is entirely and entirely based on the extraction and export of oil and its processing products. According to the results last year, this northern country produced two million barrels of oil per day, which seems to be a bit behind, for example, Saudi Arabia or Russia, where 10,5 million bottles per day are drawn. If we take only the total figures, then Norway will close a dozen oil producing countries, with even Brazil leaving. But, as we’ve already said, operating only the general figures of the production here is completely wrong, the picture needs to be viewed complexely.
2460	14	The population of Norway is modest five million people, which is equal to the population of the Krasnodar region. Accordingly, if we compare the population of our countries, the Norwegians will be almost thirty times less than the Russians. As not easy to calculate, the Norwegian population per capita receives six times the income from the sale of hydrocarbons.
2460	15	The fact that these are not the evil thoughts of the jealous is confirmed by official statistics.
2460	16	The profit from only oil exports to Norway is about five percent in the internal GDP structure, although in the rest of the world this figure is an average of 2.7 percent.
2460	17	It is also important to keep in mind the fact that 60 percent of all Norwegian exports are natural gas and not the once mentioned raw oil. Norway, in terms of its exports of blue fuel, is downward only to Russia and Qatar, holding the third place in the world’s supplier list.
2460	19	For understanding: every fourth cubometer of gas burned in the European Union and the UK for electricity, heat and covering other needs has Norwegian origin.
2460	20	Again, for the clarity of the comparison, we add that in three months of the special military operation Russia earned about $90 billion on the sale of natural gas and oil, while Norway in the same period, taking advantage of the explosive rusophobia, placed $35 billion in its pocket.
2460	21	Only three times less with, to remind, thirty times less population and unparalleledly smaller area of the territory, the length of borders, the number of remote settlements to which it is necessary to transport goods and fuel, and a number of other positions to which budget money is spent.
2460	22	Paradox, but neither the government of Norway, nor the ordinary citizens, this fact is no bit corrupt, and on the internet it is extremely difficult to find an interview with the Norwegians who would collapse that their country is sitting on the gas and oil needle. This is because the lion share of the surplus profits from the implementation of hydrocarbons goes to the state pension fund, currently the largest in the world in terms of assets.
2462	2	Expert Evseev: NATO attempts to capture Kaliningrad will force Russia to use nuclear weapons
2462	4	Moscow, June 20 – RIA Novosti. The hypothetical attempts of NATO to invade the Kaliningrad region may provoke Russia to use nuclear weapons, the military expert of the CIS Institute, Vladimir Evseev, suggested in a conversation with Ukraine.ru.
2462	5	According to him, the probability of an armed conflict in the Baltic is not very high, but it exists.
2462	7	“I do not exclude that at some point Poland will worsen the situation at the border with the Kaliningrad region. But it must be understood that if Russia has even the smallest doubts that Kaliningrad will be captured by NATO countries, then Russia will use nuclear weapons and create a ground corridor through the territory of Lithuania. If the West is ready to do so, let it worsen the situation,” Yuvseev said.
2462	8	The analyst believes that the effectiveness of the military special operation in Ukraine will lead to the fact that the desire of the North Atlantic Alliance to enter into combat with the Russian army will weaken.
2462	10	Russia has been carrying out a military operation in Ukraine since February 24. According to the Ministry of Defense, the Russian army has already fulfilled the main tasks of the first stage – significantly reduced the combat potential of Ukraine. The main objective in the ministry was the liberation of the Donbass.
2463	1	"Defeated military battalion ""Aidar"" began to give testimony against co-workers"
2463	2	"The prisoners of the Armed Battalion ""Aidar"" give testimony against their co-workers"
2463	4	"Military officers of the Ukrainian batalion ""Aidar"", who had previously taken over to the soldiers of the Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), began to give testimony against their co-workers, who are currently engaged in the blocking of the ""Azot"" plant in North Donetsk, a source close to the LNR People's militia told TASS."
2463	6	“Now for negotiations with the militants, the information obtained from the Idarovs who were imprisoned in Metelkin is being activated,” he said.
2463	8	The Chairman of the Committee of the Federation Council on International Affairs Vladimir Jabarov emphasized that when the representatives of the elite parts of the Armed Forces of Ukraine (ARS) begin to give up, it is possible to conclude that the battle spirit of the Ukrainian army is significantly reduced due to the success of the Russian army and forces of the DPR and LPR.
2463	10	Previously, witnesses from Northern Donetsk told that the military forces were dressed in civil clothes and burned the shape in attempts to leave the city. Before that they broke into a foreign apartment, took the clothes, as well as the documents of one of the people living there.
2464	3	Analyst Evseev said that NATO attempt to capture Kaliningrad will force the Russian Federation to a nuclear attack
2464	5	Military analyst of the Institute of CIS countries Vladimir Evseev in a conversation with Ukraine.ru permitted the use of nuclear weapons by Russia in the provocation of NATO. He said that the hypothetical attempt to capture the Kaliningrad region will force Moscow to attack.
2464	7	He noted that the probability of an armed conflict on the coast of the Baltic Sea is small, but it exists, as Poland may at some point begin to worsen the situation on the border.
2464	9	But it must be understood that if Russia has even the smallest doubts that Kaliningrad will be captured by NATO countries, then Russia will use nuclear weapons and create a ground corridor through the territory of Lithuania. If the West is ready to do so, let it worsen the situation,” Yevseev said.
2464	11	According to the military expert, an effective carrying out of the special operation in Ukraine will weaken the desire of the North Atlantic Alliance to enter into confrontation with Moscow.
2464	13	Earlier, the Director of the Department for non-proliferation and control of the weapons of the Russian Foreign Ministry, Vladimir Ermakov, called on the West to think about the threat of U.S. nuclear weapons in Europe. He added that the participation of non-nuclear European countries in the joint NATO nuclear missions “contrains their basic obligations” under the DNAO.
2465	3	The journalist Zigar in an article for Der Spiegel called the international support of Ukraine an illusion.
2465	5	The Russian journalist and writer, the former editor of the TV channel “Rain” (written by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the register of the media performing the functions of the foreign agent) Mikhail Zygar called the illusion of international support of Ukraine. This was stated in an article for Der Spiegel.
2465	7	According to the reporter, he recently talked with a high-level Ukrainian diplomat who represents his country in one of the most important international organizations. “My interlocutor was very suppressed. He said that the unambiguous international support of Ukraine is an illusion,” he said.
2465	9	Zygar stressed that the live political gestures of the leaders of Europe, especially in the first months of the special operation of the Russian Federation, created the impression that the whole world plays around Ukraine and condemns the actions of Moscow. “But it is clear to the diplomats that this is in no way wrong,” he emphasized.
2465	11	According to the journalist, the special operation in Ukraine has made the breakdown of peace even more obvious. Thus, the Cold War began – a new division of the world into two camps, “one of which is anti-American, anti-Western and anti-liberal.”
2465	13	Forbes said that the financial support of Ukraine from the Western public fell to a “disappointing” level in just four months. It is noted that in the first days of the special operation people sought to support Ukraine, but now the focus of their attention is focused on more relevant issues.
2466	1	Australia sends the first M113AS4 carriers to Ukraine
2466	3	Australia sends to Ukraine the first four M113AS4 armor carriers
2466	5	Moscow, June 20 – RIA Novosti. Australia has sent to Ukraine the first four M113AS4 of 14, the Australian defense ministry reports.
2466	6	"“The first four M113AS4 carriers, delivered to Ukraine, left the Royal Air Force base in Emberly last week. Carried into the Ukrainian An-124 aircraft, these four machines are the first of the 14 M113AS4 armor carriers that will be supplied by Australia,"" the ministry said in a statement."
2466	7	It is noted that the Australian aid package for Ukraine includes support for more than 285 million Australian dollars (about 198 million US dollars), it includes the Bushmaster armor carriers, the M777, anti-tank weapons, ammunition, unmanned aircraft and personal equipment.
2466	9	"Russia began its military operation in Ukraine on February 24. President Vladimir Putin called its goal ""to protect the people who have been subjected to trait, genocide by the Kiev regime for eight years."" For this, he said, it is planned to carry out ""demilitarization and denification of Ukraine"", to give the court all war criminals responsible for ""bloody crimes against civilians"" of the Donbass."
2467	1	"Vice Chancellor of Germany talks about gas ""armrestling"" with Russia"
2467	3	Vice Chancellor Habek: Reduction of Russian gas supply makes the situation tension in Germany
2467	5	Moscow, June 20 – RIA Novosti. The situation with Germany’s energy supply remains “serious and tensive” on the background of a decrease in gas supplies from Russia, German Vice-Cancellor Robert Habbek told ZDF.
2467	6	"The German Minister of Economy compared what is happening to the ""armrestling"" with Moscow."
2467	7	This is a kind of armrestling. In the past, Russia initially had a “longer hand”, but that doesn’t mean that we can’t get a “stronger hand” through the efforts taken,” Habbek said.
2467	8	"According to him, the gas storage is now filled by 57 percent with the required 90 percent. It proposes to the goals set to winter by purchasing blue fuel and ""sustainability""."
2467	10	"""It's not so bad for this time of the year, but that's not enough, and we have to fill them in the summer,"" the vice-cancler said."
2467	12	"Previously, Gazprom that due to restrictions on the Portova compressor station it will be able to supply gas through the North Stream of up to 100 million cubic meters per day with planned 167 million. The cause was a delay in the work of Siemens, which was unable to return the gas recharge units from the repairs in time. The German company confirmed this information: the turbine ""for technical reasons"" was repaid at the Siemens Energy factory in Montreal and cannot be returned due to Canada's sanctions against Russia."
2467	13	Germany, like other Western countries, faced an increase in energy prices and an inflation outbreak due to the imposition of sanctions against Russia after the beginning of the military operation on Ukraine. At the same time, Berlin, according to its leading politicians, is trying to reduce its dependence on Russian gas.
2467	14	Russian President's spokesman Dmitry Peskov has repeatedly noted that Moscow has never used gas supplies to punish anyone, but sells fuel exclusively in its own interests, to increase the well-being of the Russians, and on a commercial basis.
2468	1	Donbass projects received support of 244 million rubles
2468	3	The Presidential Grants Fund supported projects to help the Donbass for 244 million rubles
2468	5	Moscow, June 20 – RIA Novosti. The Presidential Grants Fund supported 91 Russian projects to help the Donbass in the amount of 244 million rubles, said RIA Novosti executive director of the Fund Anton Dolgov.
2468	6	"“The decision has been made to support 91 projects which have received the highest assessments by independent experts. The total amount of grants for these projects will be 244 million (rubles)"", - said Debt."
2468	8	Acceptance of applications for the last contest of the fund took place from 1 February to 15 March. According to Dolgov, among the applications at least 350 initiatives were linked with the help of citizens of the Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics.
2468	10	"This is at least 3% of the total number of projects submitted. The public asked for the implementation of their initiatives of 847 million rubles,"" he added."
2468	11	The projects concerned the reception and adaptation of refugees, humanitarian assistance, medical support, including psychological.
2468	12	“In February of this year, since the beginning of the evacuation of civilians of the DPR and LPR to Russia, new challenges emerged, and non-profit organizations immediately began to appeal to them, as it was in a pandemic,” the foundation’s executive director said.
2468	14	In addition, he said that projects to provide assistance to the inhabitants of the Donbass had been before.
2468	15	"“The events in Donbass began not yesterday. It is important to understand that the essence of the work of the NGO itself is the live reaction of living people to the needs of those who need help. Therefore, projects related to the support of the inhabitants of the Donbass, were earlier,"" Dolgov said."
2468	16	"He brought the example of the project “Live! War and death against the charitable organization ""Justice Assistance of Dr. Lisa"", which received fund support in 2021."
2468	17	"“Then the project team processed 824 calls from the Donbasovs with requests for specialized medical care. 100 people passed planned medical examinations, 70 children performed planned operations, 40 more people received vital medications,"" Dolgov said."
2468	19	"Also, he said, in the last competition the number of ""quality projects significantly increased"" compared to the previous years."
2468	20	"The coordination committee was forced to make a decision to raise the level of passing points in order to invest in the funds available. Not all good projects were supported, but the best of the best,"" he said."
2468	21	Earlier, the first head of the administration of the President of the Russian Federation, Sergei Kirienko, said that non-profit organizations of the DPR and LPR will be able to submit applications for participation in the contest of the Presidential Grants Fund projects already next year.
2470	3	Daily Mail readers laughed at Zelensky and Ben Stiller's meeting
2470	5	Moscow, June 20 – RIA Novosti. Readers of the British newspaper Daily Mail laughed at the meeting of American comedian actor Ben Stiller with Vladimir Zelensky. The Hollywood star went to Ukraine as a goodwill ambassador to the United Nations.
2470	6	The Daily Mail has published photos and videos of the greetings of Stiller and Zelensky.
2470	8	"""It's just another reason for the photo,"" wrote one of the commenters on the DM site."
2470	10	"“Curely. Ben Stiller will save the situation. Everything you need to know about Greenland. He is not a leader but an actor. He is clearly not surrounded by those people during the crisis,"" the other added."
2470	11	“I see two comics playing their roles in front of the objective,” the user said.“It’s interesting that Stiller would agree to the trip, provided there’s no announcement,” he said.
2470	12	“The narcissism impresses these people. It’s all pire and advertising,” they concluded.
2470	13	"Previously, American actress Angelina Jolie, who is a special ambassador to the UN High Commissioner's Office for Refugees, visited Lions as part of a ""personal"" visit to the region. The official representative of the Russian Foreign Ministry, Maria Zakharova, noted that the visit of Jolie to Ukraine was organized with the aim of distracting attention from the tragedy of Azovstal in Mariupol."
2471	1	"Special operation, June 20: Russian military destroyed ""Bayraktar"""
2471	3	Russian military missile Onyx destroyed Bayraktar drone control station
2471	5	"Moscow, 20 June - RIA Novosti. Russian military high-precision missile ""Onix"" destroyed the aircraft control station ""Bayraktar"", and the United Nations is ready to expand its presence in Ukraine, said spokesman for the organization's Secretary-General Stefan Dujarik."
2471	6	The Special Operation
2471	7	"Russian military high-precision missile ""Onix"" destroyed the ""Bayraktar"" drone control station and two such machines at the Arziz airport under Odessa, the Russian Defense Ministry's report said on Monday."
2471	9	The Russian air defense systems in a day shot down one Ukrainian fighter MiG-29 and nine drones, and the Russian operational and tactical and army aviation in the last day hit 47 districts of concentration of Ukrainian troops, the defense department reports.
2471	11	In addition, Russian missile troops and artillery destroyed more than 450 nationalists, 13 tanks and other armor machines, as well as 16 special vehicles during the special operation in Ukraine, the Ministry of Defense of Russia said.
2471	12	In total, almost 3,7 thousand Ukrainian tanks and other combat armor machines have been destroyed during the Russian special military operation, the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement.
2471	13	The Black Sea Gas
2471	14	"Ukraine on Monday morning attacked three bullets on the three bullet platforms of the ""Black Sea Gas"" installed on the Odessa field. According to the Senator of Crimea Olga Kovitidi, the most reached the platform BK-1, on the platforms BK-2 and BK-3 there are no victims; five people have been evacuated, three of them wounded, seven are searched."
2471	15	“The territory of Crimea is covered. From the point of view of air defense, the entire land area of the peninsula is covered as much as possible, including the Crimean Bridge. “There is nothing threatening anyone,” Aksenov told Russia 24 TV.
2471	16	Attacks in Donetsk
2471	17	Ukrainian troops again subjected to a massive attack on Donetsk on Monday, the city is operating air defense, reports the correspondent of RIA Novosti.
2471	18	On Monday, the Ukrainian troops at 14.05 in Moscow launched six 155 millimetre calibre missiles across the Petrovsky district of Donetsk, said in the representation of the DPR in the Joint Centre for control and coordination of the ceasefire regime.
2471	20	The intensity of the attacks of Donetsk by the Ukrainian troops this week has not decreased, the city continues to actively bomb, the city mayor Alexei Kulemzin said.
2471	21	Russian investigators sent to the prosecutors of the DPR and LPR the first ten criminal cases on the crimes of the Kiev regime against the civilian population, RIA Novosti in the press service of the Investigative Committee of Russia.
2471	22	The International Agenda
2471	23	The United Nations is ready to expand its presence in Ukraine, said representative of the UN Secretary-General Stefan Dujarik.
2471	24	"""We are ready for further expansion of our presence, but we need the parties (conflict) to do their part of their work,"" he said on the briefing. According to Dujarrik, the United Nations is receiving information about mass shootings of territories, both controlled by the Ukrainian government and not controlled by it. “The UN calls on the parties to observe (international) law,” he said."
2471	25	The option of attracting the OECD forces to the special operation in Ukraine was not considered, Russian President Dmitry Peskov told reporters.
2471	26	The German Foreign Minister, Anna Berbok, has called for the opening of humanitarian corridors for refugees in the east of Ukraine.
2471	27	“My urgent call is that international humanitarian law should be respected at all points of this war. This means, first of all, access to humanitarian security, to medications that people who are now captured in the east of Ukraine would be able to get out. We need humanitarian corridors, and we will continue our daily work on supporting the International Committee of the Red Cross,” Berbok said at the fields of the EU Foreign Ministry meeting in Luxembourg.
2471	28	The German authorities are negotiating with Poland and Romania on the issue of the export of grain from Ukraine, German Foreign Affairs Head Anna Berbok told reporters in Luxembourg.
2471	30	"The U.S. defense budget proposes $450 million to support Ukraine in intelligence and security, according to a report published by the House of Representatives. As stated in the document, the head of the Pentagon is proposed to grant powers ""to provide support in the sphere of intelligence and security to the government of Ukraine"", for this in the fiscal year of 2023 (which expires October 1, 2023) is proposed to allocate $450 million. This amount of $150 million exceeds the previously requested for appropriate needs by U.S. President Joe Biden."
2471	31	U.S. President Joe Biden has accused Russia of a record rise in the number of refugees in the world, according to a statement published by the White House head.
2471	32	“As a result of the war of Russia against Ukraine, we have recently reached a dark mark: according to the UN Refugee Agency, more than a hundred million people are currently violently displaced, more than ever in history. “We have already shown, having accepted more than 80,000 Afghan people in our country in the last year and assumed the commitment to provide temporary asylum to tens of thousands of Ukrainians, that we will continue to be an example,” Baiden said.
2471	33	"Russian President's spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the prisoners in Ukraine ""soldates of luck"" involved in the attacks on the Russian military, and made it clear that they can't count on the defense of the Geneva Convention. “These soldiers were lucky and participated in illegal activities on the territory of Ukraine. They were involved in the attacks of our soldiers. They threatened their lives and must be held responsible for the crimes they committed,” Peskov said in an interview with MSNBC."
2471	34	The head of the European Council, Charles Michel, in his message to the European leaders said he would call on them at the upcoming summit on 23-24 June in Brussels to grant the status of candidate for the EU to Ukraine and Moldova.
2471	35	“It’s time to admit that the future of Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia is in the EU. I will invite you to grant the status of candidate for the EU to Ukraine and Moldova,” the document states.
2472	3	Ukraine has huge debt liabilities to foreign creditors
2472	5	The IMF’s strategy for “stable and conflict-affected countries” came out in March 2022 and will be in effect by 2025.
2472	7	“Instability and conflicts are worsened by climate change, lack of food security and gender inequality... The consequences of instability and conflicts are critical and directly related to the IMF mandate... The Strategy offers concrete measures to adapt the IMF participation, instruments and policy recommendations regarding specific manifestations of instability and conflicts.”
2472	9	The document determines that the list of the NCG includes 42 countries, which is about 20% of the members of the IMF Strategy was developed by a group of experts under the leadership of Frank Boske; before joining the IMF he was the senior director of the World Bank Group on Instability, Conflict and Violence. He is a regular member of the Davos Economic Forum.
2472	11	The document indicates that countries in the NKG group need modernization of the tax system and customs fees, restructuring the government administration, anti-corruption laws, management of debt assets, monitoring functions of regulatory bodies, fighting money laundering.
2472	13	There is nothing new here – all the same methods that the World Bank (WB) group used in the 1990s. Restructuring the economies of developing countries.
2472	15	By the way, the World Bank Conflict Group’s work has already been criticized by independent analytics centers. The key problem facing the Bank’s analysis – and even the UN’s analysis on the issue of conflicts and instability – is the lack of conclusions about the consequences of neoliberal economic policy on conflicts and instability. These are the consequences, including increased inequality and poverty, the decrease in human development is the cause of disorders in many countries.
2472	17	There is no analysis and answers to questions about how macroeconomic shocks, inequality and unemployment will be eliminated (all of these are instability factors). How does the Bank transform its directives based on financial incentives to promote the development of the NGO countries?
2472	19	The most interesting question concerns Ukraine: how the World Bank and the IMF are going to conduct their policy towards this country, where hundreds of thousands of refugees, tens of thousands of killed, and the infrastructure is destroyed.
2472	21	If it’s not a country affected by the conflict, then what?
2472	23	However, it’s interesting that neither the UK nor the IMF qualify Ukraine as “unstable and affected by conflicts”. In early March 2022, the Bank approved an additional loan of $489 million to Ukraine and created a multilateral donor target fund. A week later, the Bank allocated another $200 million to Ukraine and promised to help collect a $3 billion support package for Ukraine in the coming months.
2472	25	Ukraine is classified by the World Bank as a country with an average income. As such, it can only take on the bank’s credit unit in this direction – the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBR), and not on the line of preferential loans – at the International Association for Development (MAR). If Ukraine had been included in the list of NCGs, it could have access to funding with favourable repayment deadlines or would have been translated into the MAR group, receiving favourable loan and the right to debt exemption.
2472	27	However, the reference of Ukraine to the countries of the MAR (a low-income country) will scare foreign investors. And, in order to preserve the “confidence of investors,” the government of Ukraine is leaving out of the skin to preserve the current status in relations with the UK/IMF.
2472	29	According to Elliot Dolin-Evance from the University of Monash (Australia), “the main problem of the translation of Ukraine into a “conflict” country is that it would be very problematic for international financial institutions and creditors, as Ukraine is one of the largest borrows of money from the IMF and the World Bank, and the country has huge debt liabilities to countries and foreign creditors around the world. The appropriate classification of Ukraine may mean that creditors, the IMF and the World Bank will refuse interest and fees on the loans granted to the country, while the requirement for the recording of the debt will be much more heavy if Ukraine is a country of the NCG. The IMF and international creditors... take into account the classification of the World Bank, and they would also need to consider Ukraine on the subject of debt or preferential loans, if the Bank would classify Ukraine as a country of the NCG.”
2472	31	That is, the World Bank closes its eyes on what’s going on with Ukraine, it’s interested in growth schemes, including the return of debt with interest. The same additional credit was granted to the World Bank under the condition that the government of Ukraine “confirms its commitment to renew reforms after the end of the war.” Ukraine will continue to borrow under a market rate, which will be burdened by even more unreliable external debt.
2474	1	There is ice between us. In the U.S. invented how to stretch Russia on Sevmort 
2474	3	Moscow, June 21 – RIA Novosti, Nikolai Guryanov. Russia may lose control over the Northern Sea path if the Arctic ice collapses, U.S. climate scientists and lawyers say. The reasonability of their forecasts was understood by RIA Novosti.
2474	4	The climate opens the way
2474	5	If the global warming fails to stop by 1.5 degrees in the next 43 years, then by 2065 new trade routes may appear in the ice-free Arctic. According to U.S. scientists, this could weaken Russia’s control over the region.
2474	7	The study’s authors – climatologists from the University of Brown (Rod Island) and law scientists from the Law School of the University of Man – note that the Arctic trading routes are 30-50 percent shorter than through the Suez and Panama Channels. The transit time will be reduced by about 14-20 days, shipping companies will not only save money, but will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by about 24 percent.
2474	8	The most economic interest is the North-Eastern Pass, also known as the North Sea Road. It can connect the largest ports of the countries of Southeast Asia and Northern Europe, between which is the main global cargo traffic.
2474	10	Sevmort is called an alternative to transportation of goods through the Suez Canal. But in fact, in case of widespread use, it will compete with a longer route – to the circle of Africa. This is how much of the goods are delivered, for example, from Shanghai to Rotterdam.
2474	11	No ice, no laws
2474	12	The northern sea route passes through the exclusive economic zone of Russia and is actually used by one country. The reason is not only the world’s most powerful ice fleet, but also international laws that give the Arctic coastal states the right to control a band of 200 sea miles from the coast. Currently, a foreign vessel cannot pass on the route without agreement with Russia, without a Lozman pipeline or ice-cutting accompaniment.
2474	13	American lawyers want to directly link the dissemination of Russian laws to this aquarium with the fact that there is ice there. One of the co-authors of the study, director of the Center for Oceanic and Coastal Law of the University of Man and lawyer Charles Norchi, referred to Article 234 of the 1982 United Nations Convention on Maritime Law. In order to protect the environment from pollution, the coastal states have the right to adopt and ensure compliance with the laws and regulations that regulate the movement of ships in areas where “especially severe climate conditions and the presence of ice covering such areas for most of the year create obstacles or increased danger for shipping.”
2474	14	The action of the article extends to the exclusive economic zone — areas with a width of 200 sea miles from the coast.
2474	16	According to Norchi, Russia has been using this article for decades in its own economic and geopolitical interests. But if a significant part of the time in the Arctic regions will not be ice covered, the country will no longer be able to spread its laws to this territory. But I’m trying, the American lawyer says.
2474	17	“There is little to say, with the thinning of ice, shipping will go out of the Russian territorial waters to the international waters. Russia can’t stop this,” Norchi added.
2474	18	Ice, not that.
2474	19	However, with this article of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, it’s not all as simple as it tries to present the law of the United States. First of all, there is now no generally accepted distinction of the Arctic spaces — there are several points of view on the delimitation and legal regime of the most northern region of the planet.
2474	20	In the 1970s, the theory dominated the division of the Arctic into five sectors between Russia, the United States, Canada, Norway and Denmark. At the same time, the sovereignty of the states spread to the lands and islands located within the sector, the top of which is the North Pole.
2474	21	But this approach practically excluded the possibility of application to the significant area of the Northern Ice Ocean of the provisions of Part VII of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which guarantees the freedom of navigation, flight, fishing and other activities in the open sea beyond the exclusive economic zones and territorial waters.
2474	23	"The outcome is far from ideal, and proposed in article 234, says RIA Novosti expert in maritime law, associated partner of AB SPb ""Inmarin"" Vladislav Beljakov."
2474	24	"The document does not give a clear definition of what to be considered ""covered with ice areas"". ""But in the world doctrine and practice, a fairly broad spread has received the point of view that this is the entire Arctic,"" the lawyer explains."
2474	25	"According to him, the condition on ice cover in the article cannot be considered as a necessary condition for the appearance or disappearance of special rights in coastal states. In fact, it is only ""a means of geographical definition of the area in which such rights operate, i.e. the Arctic."""
2474	27	According to the expert, the alternative reading of this norm, proposed in the new U.S. study, is contrary to the objective and objective of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea. All the means of interpretation indicate that the application of the article should be outside any connection with the change of the Arctic ice cover.
2474	29	“It should also be remembered that the main purpose of the norm is to preserve the fragile marine environment of the Northern Ice Ocean,” Beljakov emphasizes. Therefore, the thinning of the Arctic ice does not cancel this task, but makes it even more relevant. According to scientific research, this process only increases the vulnerability of the Arctic region.”
2474	30	By the way, the United States is not part of the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, but recognizes the provisions of Article 234 as part of ordinary international law.
2476	3	Unusual news comes from Britain. Foreign media broke up with alarming publications on the topic that the collective Western world lives unacceptablely luxurious and it’s time to choose between personal car and food. There is no drop of exaggeration.
2476	4	Specifically, British journals write that the inhabitants of Albion consume 17 thousand tons of vegetable oils per day (equivalent to 19 million bottles), burning them in personal and public transport engines. The same study found that, in addition to raps-based fluids, the British daily wheels another 14 million bottles of palm and soya oil into their own cars. Of course, not in pure form, but as a fuel and all kinds of accompanying products such as inserts.
2476	6	This topic was raised on the shield because the cost of raps, soy and palm fruit-based oils and oil products in the past year has increased by two and a half times. Interested experts pay attention to the fact that more than 58 percent of raps and about nine percent of solar oil in the kingdom is spent on the needs of road transport, including cargo trailers, the basis of British logistics. Suddenly awake from sleeping ecologists add that the use of so-called biofuels and oils based on plant components — suddenly — is not a panacey or a remedy for global warming. Moreover, these same ecologists are now convinced that plant-based fuel and oils have a significantly worse impact on the atmosphere and air quality than usual gasoline and diesel internal combustion engines.
2476	8	The unexpected vision of all kinds of fighters for decarbonization is easy to explain. As always, a lot of money is involved.
2476	9	The same sources provide unpleasant statistics that show that the rush caused by the rise in the price of vegetable oils in the food sector has led to the fact that local supermarkets are sometimes even forced to limit their sale to the population. People of the older generation at this point could probably experience a feeling of a strong dejuvenation with a refusal in the 1990s of the past century, but, fortunately, today it is not about what is happening in Russia.
2476	11	"The Western press, pressed into the tics of the perpetual dualism ""who is guilty"" and ""what to do"", in the first case usually accuses Vladimir Putin, but with the second question, it's still a matter."
2476	12	The fact is that the logistics supply chains to Britain and continental Europe with the start of a special military operation collapsed. Ukraine alone supplied half of all raps oil consumed by the European Union. For comparison: Australia, the second largest supplier, occupies a niche of only 27 percent. This occurred, among other things, because Ukraine in three decades of its independence planned to increase the seed areas of raps, although the usefulness of this culture and its impact on the level of fertility of the soil are extremely doubtful. Kiev, however, was very proud of the fact that it is the biofuel grain of Europe, which was purely true, because raps and oil on its basis almost completely went to the West.
2476	13	With the start of the U.S. military, the agro sector of Ukraine was strongly shaken, especially that according to geography, the main seed areas are in some way within the zone of active strikes. In a simple way, the EU and Britain are now actively living in the biofuel reserves of the past years with a ghost hope for their completion in the current year.
2476	15	The surrealistic paradox of the situation is that in the territories controlled by Russia, the seed is everywhere and the agriculture is already fully realizing its products. At the same time, Britain is the main burner of the war, accumulating Ukraine with weapons and the aggressive rhetoric of rapid victory over Moscow, thus depriving itself of the main supplier of such important product.
2476	16	At the same time, London understands the prospects well and starts carefully preparing the population for the inevitable choice between a strong fuel travel that will lead to the destruction of the usual way of life for the British, when the car is not a luxury, but a subject of daily use, and hunger. There is no prejudice here.
2476	17	All the same British and other European experts carefully introduce in the mass consciousness the paradigm that the fuel based on vegetable oils should be refused, even to damage the usual comfort. In particular, the data of some studies have been published that if the UK will give up biofuels, it will save foods in the amount sufficient to feed three and a half million people. The same forecast says that if the United States, the European Union and Britain will half reduce the consumption of plant oil and fuel (which perfectly coincides with the volumes of Ukrainian exports), then this will allow for no problems to feed already 125 million people.
2476	19	It is remarkable that yet very recently, appealing to the need to drown Russia with sanctions and stop combat actions in Ukraine, the Western press threatened the countries of Africa and Asia with hunger and mass lack of food. Today there are no geographical links, which is very transparent to indicate what audience is scared and processed by a foreign media machine.
2476	20	In order not to be accused of breaking an elephant from the local news mouse, we will add that, according to Western sources, the question of radical reduction in biofuel and biofuel consumption to the needs of the automotive industry will be raised at the nearest G7 summit that will take place on June 26-28 in the castle of Elmau, which in the Bavarian Alps.
2476	21	"We are faced with a visible and indicative collapse of all such carefully constructed environmental agenda. The entire media, and along with it and the political machine of the western world, for years aggressively put into the heads of the mass invader the theses of how useful for the ecology the types of fuel with the ""bio-"" plug, and therefore they need to be massively implemented as soon as possible, even if they are more expensive than usual gasoline, diesel and oil. In fact, a whole industry was created from nothing, which received a mega profit from the suggestion and processing of the consumer consciousness, completely ignoring the fact of the extremely doubtful usefulness of the sold product. After all, it would be stupid to think that only in the summer of 2022 the ecologists learned that biofuels are not just not beneficial, but very even more harmful than old good hydrocarbons."
2476	23	In fact, no more evidence is needed that it is simply impossible to find the same replacement of oil, gas, coal and uranium at the moment, and the entire alternative energy industry can only exist on the ground of unfounded financial flows in the periods of the ideal steel. The first geopolitical storm of a medium scale immediately destroyed this card house, forcing Western politicians to dissolve the shell they themselves have swallowed, and urgently to turn the gaps of public opinion to the opposite side.
2477	3	In the West, it is believed that Vladimir Putin is inclined to a prolonged war with Ukraine, expects his victory in it.
2477	4	On the eighth day of the war against Ukraine, Russia has not achieved any of its goals, but it does not intend to stop aggression. The Washington Post believes that under the pressure of economic problems the determination of the West in supporting Ukraine may weaken. 
2477	6	Victory of Ukraine
2477	9	“Ukraine will surely win in this war,” Vladimir Zelensky said this week in an interview with Dutch television.
2477	11	The military machine of Russia is under the impact of Western sanctions. Ukraine received a long-battle artillery and a balloon fire system. The scenario of an effective Ukrainian counter-take is quite acceptable, so that already now politicians think about the possible consequences. If Putin is threatened by defeat, will he not want to aggravate the conflict by using chemical or even nuclear weapons?
2477	13	“I think it’s unlikely that Putin recognizes a defeat in a normal war when he has nuclear weapons,” said Neal Ferguson, a historian at the Royal College of London.
2477	16	The fool
2477	19	Russia and Ukraine may conclude that they will no longer be able to anything by military means. Military and economic losses of Russia are not repaired. The Ukrainian people are too tired of war, people don’t want to risk their lives for a ghost victory. What if the leadership in Kiev, unbelieving that the West will continue to support Ukraine, will decide that it is time to sit at the negotiation table?
2477	21	U.S. President Joe Biden openly says that the goal of the Americans is to make that Ukraine has the strongest possible positions behind the negotiating table. Many say that the desire of the West to lose Russia is not equivalent to the desire of Ukraine to win.
2477	23	However, the path situation on the battlefield can be waited for many months, and achieving a political solution to the conflict will be extremely difficult. And not at last because Kiev does not believe in Moscow: there they believe that any agreement with Putin will be used as a breath to gather with the forces and prepare for a new attack. So the peace treaty may not last long, and military actions will be resumed with a new force.
2477	25	War of Exhaust
2477	28	The war may continue for months, or even years, until Ukrainian and Russian troops will systematically blurry each other.
2477	30	The President of Russia believes that it can succeed by demonstrating a strategic delay and making a bet on the fact that the West will be tired to help Ukraine and focus on its own economy, as well as on the Chinese threat.
2477	32	"The West, however, is for now determined and continues to supply Ukraine with weapons. On the battlefield, the front lines were practically composed, the war gradually turns into a positional ""unfinite war"". "
2477	34	Putin “thinks the West will exhaust,” WP said one of the Russian billionaires with extensive links, speaking to the publication on terms of anonymity. According to him, at first Putin didn’t really expect a strong and united response of the West, “but now he’s trying to change the situation and believes that in the long run he’ll win,” the billionaire said. The Western leaders are vulnerable to the important phases of the election cycles, and Putin is “concerned that the public opinion can change in one hour,” the dictatorship’s thought goes by the newspaper’s interlocutor.
2477	36	“The mood in the Kremlin runs so that we can’t lose – and it doesn’t matter what the price will be,” the source said.
2477	38	This position indicates that the Kremlin is counting on its ability to hold the West longer in an attempt to endure the pressure of economic sanctions. Putin has no choice but to continue the war in the hope that the grain blockade of Ukraine “will lead to instability in the Middle East and provoke a new flow of refugees,” says Sergei Guriev, former chief economist of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
2477	40	Peacekeeping
2477	43	Putin could say that his “special military operation” has reached its goals: the Kremlin supported separatists in the Donbass are reliably protected, and the Crimea has a land corridory. After that, he could try from a position of moral superiority to force Ukraine to stop the fighting.
2477	45	"""Russia could apply this acceptance at any time if it wanted to play on the desire of Europe to convince Ukraine to put the weapons and give up a part of its territories in exchange for a conditional peace,"" says Russian expert from the Royal Institute of International Relations (Chetem House) Kir Jiles."
2477	47	This point of view has already sounded in Paris, Berlin and Rome: for what to continue the war, it’s time to end the global economic problems, let’s pursue peace.
2477	49	However, the United States, the UK and most countries in Eastern Europe are opposed, whose politicians are confident that the Russian invasion must fail in the interests of both Ukraine itself and the rest of Europe and the international order.
2477	51	Victory of Russia
2477	54	The West emphasizes that Russia, despite previous failures, has not yet left plans to capture Kiev and subordinate most of Ukraine. According to one of the government officials, no one cancelled this program-maximum.
2477	56	Russia can take advantage of its successes in the Donbass to release troops for action in other directions, for example, to move back to Kiev. 
2477	58	As President Zelensky himself admitted, up to 100 Ukrainian fighters are killed every day in the war, and more than 500 are injured.
2477	60	The opinions in society can be divided: some of the Ukrainians will want to continue the war, and some will demand the conclusion of peace and the return to normal life. Yes, some Western countries may be tired of helping Ukraine. But, on the other hand, if they see that Russia is taking the top, some of the Ukrainian allies may want to move the conflict to a new level.
2478	3	The Plan B provides that the conditions will be presented now, and before they are fulfilled, Ukraine will be a “candidate to candidates.”
2478	5	The EU is considering two options for the development of the situation with the granting of Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership.
2478	7	"This is stated in the ""European Truth"" article."
2478	9	The Plan A provides that the European Commission will make the conclusion that Ukraine meets the criteria, and the EU recognizes its candidate status already now. All subsequent steps, such as the beginning of negotiations, will be caused by reforms.
2478	11	"Plan B, which is promoted by several capitals, provides that the conditions will be presented already now, and before their implementation Ukraine will be a ""candidate to candidates""."
2478	13	"The list of conditions is proposed to be prescribed in the conclusions of the European Commission so that it does not look like an idea of the Member States, but of the European Commission itself. On the summit in June in this case Ukraine reports that it becomes only a ""potential candidate"", and also receives a legally recognized perspective of membership, which is still not formally recorded in any document."
2478	15	"Some officials of the European Commission and some of the Member States have the opinion that Plan B will not be a ""wrath"". It’s even “sliped” in the media, preparing for a possible negative development. So, a number of media spread reports by the agency Bloomberg with the title Ukraine Likely to Win Initial EU Backing for Path to Membership."
2478	17	“But in the form of this victory, a source in the EU told journalists about the plan B, which will be an unconditional defeat for Kiev. This has already been stated publicly both in the government and in the bank. This is stated unanimously by Ukrainian experts-reformers, who have sent the EU a letter on this issue, which has gathered unprecedented broad support,” the article says.
2478	19	According to the European Truth, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, will visit Ukraine in the coming days. The purpose of her visit is to personally explain the situation to Zelensky and to suggest how Kiev can prevent the negative decision of the summit.
2478	21	"As UNIAN, the deputy prime minister for euro integration of Ukraine Olga Stefanishina said that there are seven countries in the EU that talked about other formats for Ukraine, rather than the candidate status first of all three of them do not want to give ""green light"" for Kiev."
248	3	Pope Francis said he was ready to go to Moscow to meet with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin. During an interview with Corriere della Sera, he noted that it should be attempted to “stop the cruelty” that the Putin regime began.
248	5	“On the first day of the war, I called the President Zelensky. I did not call Putin at the same time. I had the opportunity to talk to him in December on my birthday, but this time not, I didn’t call. I wanted to make a hard gesture, and for that I went to the Russian messenger. I asked them to explain, I said, “In the name of God, stop this war,” the Pope said.
248	7	He noted that he gave up to Cardinal Parolin that he was ready to go to Moscow, but the Pontiff has not yet received an answer.
248	9	“I am afraid that Putin can or does not want to agree to our meeting at the moment. But why not try to do everything possible to stop cruelty?” He asked.
248	11	Pope Francis does not plan a visit to Ukraine.
248	13	“I’m not going to Kiev yet. I sent Cardinal Michael Black and Cardinal Konrad Kraevsky, the latter visited Kiev for the fourth time. But I feel that I don’t have to drive. First I have to go to Moscow, first I have to meet Putin. I am a priest, what can I do? I do what I can,” the Pontiff said.
248	15	On May 1, Pope Francis called what Russia did to the Ukrainian city of Mariupol a barbarism. Then he again asked to organize secure humanitarian corridors for the people who were trapped in the city.
2480	1	What really happened in Crimea?
2480	2	As a result of the missile strike of the Russian troops on the trade center in Kremlin (Poltava region of Ukraine) killed at least 20 civilians, dozens are missing. Kiev called the incident an act of terrorism and a “intentional attack on a civilian object.”
2480	4	"Russian officials first stated that this was ""a new Ukrainian provocation in the style of Buchi"", and then in a statement of the Russian Defense Ministry acknowledged that they were shooting Kremlin."
2480	6	"However, according to the Russian military department, as a result of the attack ""on the stock of foreign ammunition on the Kremlin road car factory and their subsequent detonation was damaged a non-functioning shopping center."""
2480	8	Medusa explains why the Russian Defense Ministry’s explanations seem false.
2480	10	A powerful explosion occurred at around 16 a.m. on June 27 in the center of Krönchug, and almost ten seconds later the second. At the same time, a strong fire began in the local shopping center Amsterdame. In a few hours he burned up.
2480	12	According to the city authorities on the same evening, 19 bodies were found on the fire site, one of the wounded died in the hospital. More than 40 people are likely to have been in the TC – and since then they have not been contacted. More than 50 people with various injuries, mostly with burns, were addressed to doctors.
2480	14	The Ukrainian Ministry of Internal Affairs that the attack was carried out by missiles X-22 (this is for missiles, read below) from the Tu-22 bombers that landed from Shaykovka airport in the Kalujsk region.
2480	16	"Later, the Kremlin authorities showed to journalists a giant hole and a destroyed factory at a road car factory located next to ""Amster"" (known in the countries of the former USSR as the manufacturer of the asphalt plaque ""Kredmash""). The gate is approximately a half kilometre from the TC."
2480	18	Its presence and location seemed to confirm the version of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation, which stated that it had hit the factory where ammunition was stored: they allegedly stumbled and burned the shopping center when the displacement occurred. But in fact it is not so.
2480	20	We will immediately explain why the version of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation does not tolerate criticism.
2480	22	First, the “unfunctioning trade center”, contrary to the approval of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation, actually worked.
2480	23	Furthermore, it was revealed that a few days before the attack on Kremlin, the center owners ordered not to evacuate visitors and shops workers during the air alarm (which occur there regularly; the Ukrainian prosecutor’s office has already promised to check the actions of the Amster administration). 
2480	25	Secondly, the shopping center was hit by another explosion — not the result of which a hole was formed on “Kredmash”. 
2480	26	Third, the sequence of events in principle was the reverse: the explosion near the shopping center (which apparently led to a fire in Amster) occurred ten seconds before the explosion in the factory’s shop. Judging by Google maps, there are no angar near the explosion site, where theoretically ammunition could be stored, according to the Russian Defense Ministry.
2480	27	More in detail, what these statements are based on?
2480	29	On June 28, a number of videos from the observation cameras from the city park of Krementchug, which is located right behind the “Kredmash” hill: the factory is located right in the middle between the park and the “Amster”.
2480	31	Judging by the videos, people and birds on the bar in the park were somewhat worried — probably a distant explosion; and 10 seconds later a new explosion occurred — and very close.
2480	33	"By determining the location of the objects filmed on the video, it can be established that the epicenter of the second explosion was in the workplace of the ""Kredmash"" factory. The epicenter of the first explosion on the shot cannot be sought – however, in one of the videos you can see how somewhere behind the factory (e.g. where the TC is located) even before the second explosion has occurred, a steel of thick smoke is raised."
2480	35	Furthermore, the Medusa has been available with the photos taken on the day of the attack on Krenchug from a height of three kilometers from the factory and Amstora. The resident who sent the photo (as he claims) asked not to publish not only his name, but also the photo itself.
2480	37	On their basis, it is possible to find out where he lives; the publication of such images may threaten the source of Medusa with criminal responsibility in Ukraine. It was not possible to confirm the origin of the film “Meduze”; at the same time, we were unable to detect signs of fake.
2480	39	"On the photo, there are two similar in the power of the explosion; one smoke in the upper part of the ""gribe"" has already begun to spread, from which it can be concluded that it happened a little earlier. ""Medusa"" geolocated the site of the shooting, as well as the example of the explosions. The first (where the smoke began to spread) occurred in the district of TC ""Amстор""; the second - on the territory of the plant ""Kredmash""."
2480	41	The series of photos (which, judging by the change of fungal clouds from explosions, made in a row for dozens of minutes) does not see any traces of secondary ammunition detonation (as were, for example, in Kiev in March 2022 after a rocket attack on the trade center Retroville, where Ukrainian military hid artillery and munitions). The smoke from the explosions simply continues to spread; in addition, it is visible that the fire begins in the district of the TC.
2480	43	To determine where the missile exploded right next to Amster, you can compare the satellite images from April and June 28, 2022. In June, not only the destruction in the TC is seen, but also, supposedly, the brink of the missile explosion - right next to the one-wheel railway, dividing the territory of the TC and the factory.
2480	45	The likely spot of the missile is a few dozen meters from the wall of the shopping center, behind which the Comfy store was located. It is in this store, as follows from the stories of the employees of the TC, there were the most dead and missing.
2480	47	There was a fire immediately after the explosion. A video of the missile arriving from the observation cameras, which confirms the location (coordinates can be viewed here).
2480	49	"On the basis of all these data, it can be assured that the first missile exploded in the immediate vicinity of Amster, and the second - in the workplace of the Kremash plant. It is also likely that there was no ""metal detonation"" which, according to the Russian Defense Ministry, led to a fire in the shopping center (at least a day after the explosion there was no evidence that it was)."
2480	51	There remains only one unclean question: were ammunition or any military property in the Kredmash factory? The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation announced this without giving any evidence. in
2480	53	Ukraine and the management of the factory deny any military activity in the enterprise. At the same time, no traces of ammunition were noticed at the factory in the reports of local journalists (the shot took place almost a day after the attack).
2480	55	Why the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation did not “intentionally” try to get into the shopping center
2480	57	"Considering that it was found at the site of the explosions, the conclusion of the “intentional attack” on the shopping center is difficult to make. The missile did not get directly into Amsterdams. The most popular part of the TC - the supermarket ""Silpo"", according to the staff of the center, in the first minutes after the explosion almost not wounded (but later it was also destroyed by fire)."
2480	59	Formally, the explosions of both missiles occurred on the territory of the neighboring factory — but one of them fell in the immediate vicinity of Amster. It is logical to assume that the factory was the target of both strikes.
2480	61	"The rest can be explained by the characteristics of the missiles with which the attack was done (if we accept the version of the Ukrainian authorities that they were missiles X-22). The fact is that these missiles are not intended for accurate attacks on ground targets such as ""building"". They were developed in the 1960s (and modernized in the 1970s) for a narrow niche of application — attacks of large groups of ships and air carriers of NATO."
2480	63	Rockets have two complementary methods of directing:
2480	65	After the modernization, the majority of the flight of the missile was directed using an inercial system: first the exact position of the carrier aircraft was determined at the launch (the point of calculation in the coordinate system), and then the special system counted all changes in the position of the missile when it was removed from this point of calculation — height, course, as well as the angles of wear due to the wind.
2480	66	With these calculations inevitably accumulate errors that do not let the missile go to the target accurately enough to destroy even a large ship. The circular likely deviation from the target when using X-22 only with the inercial system is, according to open data, about 500 meters.
2480	68	In order for the missile to get into the aircraft carrier (already approaching it), it was initially placed a head of self-conduct with a radiolocation indication: it was targeted on the ship with the greatest reflection capacity. 
2480	69	"Goals of the type of ""group of ships"" (or a single ship in radio broadcast conditions that interfere with the radiolocation inclination) due to the low precision of the inertial system in the late USSR time were intended to attack only nuclear ammunition with a power in one megaton. "
2480	71	"It is clear that the radiolocation system is not suitable for a target of the type of ""this factory"", and therefore the missile is used only in the attack mode of a ""plate target"", but with a ""usual"" fucks and fucks. With low accuracy to hit the target it allows a very large mass of the battle part — about 900 kilograms, which is almost twice as much as the operational-tactic and rocket missiles ""Iskander"" and ""Kalibr"", which Russia uses in this war."
2480	72	Nearly twice the mass of the battle part has the X-32 missile, which should be replaced in the X-22 troops (other than that, it should be much more accurate). The X-32 has a correction system with the help of a height meter, which allows you to find connections on the area during the flight.
2480	74	The main advantage of the X-22 against other missiles is that they have been produced a lot. Thus, only Ukraine, giving up nuclear headlines and all the missiles capable of carrying them, delivered to Russia almost 400 X-22.
2480	75	It is unknown how many of them remained in the warehouses of the Russian army (part has been used in the last decades), but it is clear that the Russian army can attack them for months – and it will do this more often as the arsenal of more modern missiles is exhausting.
2480	77	Is it possible to beat such inaccurate but powerful missiles on the objects located in the city?
2480	79	can not. In this case, there are signs of a war crime - one of the multitudes committed by Russia during the invasion of Ukraine.
2480	81	The shooting of a trade center in Krönchug shows that the Russian command when choosing the means to defeat the target, apparently focuses on their effectiveness and cost – and ultimately thinks (if he thinks) about possible victims among civilians.
2481	2	Politologist and senior scientist at the University College of London, Vladimir Pastuchov, discusses what Russia of the future should be – after the war in Ukraine and after Putin’s departure.
2481	4	There is no “good king” in the system of Russia. The only way is to beat (King – C.) by hands. Another question, who will beat the hands in a country where there are no traditions of freedom of thought, dignity, and so on? Who can beat his hands? We need a counterweight, says Vladimir Pastuchov, discussing the possible political structure of post-Putin Russia. “And if you think I’m offering Russia a soft body device in the style of an impotent center and ‘take sovereignty as much as you can’, then I’m utopian and then in Russia everything, indeed, is overwhelming to one another.
2481	6	I offer a strong center. As strong he was, so strong he will remain. But there are two types of strong centers.
2481	8	A strong center with a counterweight in the form of the right regions, and then it balances and does not allow this strong center to fall all on the head and break down on the shells. That is, he will always be stronger and stronger than the regions, but he can be absolutely stronger as today, when he plushes all of us, and you can hang to him on the other side of the hole, and this hole will always pull him away.
2481	10	As for greater federalization of the future of Russia, Vladimir Pastuchov considers it a deterrent factor, including from the events that began on February 24:
2481	12	Imagine there is a federal center and there are 15-20 other power centers, and all of them together at the same time and completely fooled. And if they decide that they will now take the nuclear bomb and destroy Europe and thus destroy themselves, then no one will help us.
2481	14	“There are two situations. First, we have one center of power and no more. And he alone can make any decision, and that is what we see today, when he evolved towards a new religious and mythological worldview, he perceived the Messiah, he accepted it and everything.
2481	17	The second is when the probability that, with the presence of 15 counterweights, all 15 will be foolish is much less.”
2481	19	It’s like the situation with a German plane crash, where one pilot went out of the cabin to the toilet, and the other closed inside and broke the plane. Now the pilots have stopped giving the opportunity to leave one pilot inside. There should always be two people in the cabin. The chance that both of you get crazy is much less.
2481	21	The federal system is simply a security system just from such cases. Yes, not as strong as you, but each of them has guaranteed rights, their own money, their own legislation, their own local police.
2481	23	“You have a good region, oil rises, you trade with China, but here we have the idea in Moscow: we will fight with Ukraine.” He says, “What did you do? I have just now several contracts signed for the construction of three major factories. I have everything to fly because of your sanctions.” And here in the federal system he can say that, and today it can be said to someone.
2481	25	With regard to his forecast on how the reorganization of Russia can take place after Putin and whether it will take place in a discretion, Vladimir Pastuchov adheres to a pessimistic and optimistic view:
2481	27	 Whoever hurt us will help us. First, the civil war is already ongoing, he believes. “Secondly, I’m convinced that we don’t understand what they entered on February 24. We have come into something that will inevitably turn into a collapse of the Russian state. The transition of this hidden civil war into a completely open form.
2481	29	“We are inertically living with some illusion that everything will be worth it. It will not cost. The decision that was taken by Putin and his surroundings is historically apocalyptic.”
2481	31	We can argue about whether it will take a year, two, five, ten, fifteen – that I can’t know. I can say that by the end of a certain cycle, this war decision will mean the deepest crisis of the Russian state.
2481	33	But good global ideas come when everything around is in ruins. As long as you live in your house, you have a roof above your head and it doesn’t fall over you, you have to be a very intelligent person to say, “To understand that my house will collapse, I’m going to understand it myself.”
2481	35	Unfortunately, it will be so bad that there will be two ways out of it – or we will restore the old house again, but we understand that the cycle will pass in another 70 years and will be the same. Or, since we are building on an empty place, we are building on new medications.
2483	3	First, the U.S. President at the G20 summit in Rome showed how to live beautifully – eighty-five huge cars of his cortage flame through the streets of the Eternal City. “The real life has flown beyond, joyfully with the tubes and swallowed with the lake wings,” the Soviet classics Satiers wrote.
2483	5	In fact, it’s not as fun as it might seem. Sleeping Joe just showed how the world’s elite sees the future of our planet after the introduction of the “climate protection measures” with the rejection of internal combustion engines and the suppression of automation – the elite will not give up anything, and the holops who think they’re the middle class and the creative pipe, will stand in gold dust with their bicycles, broken in the hands of a hat, driving the elites with a hungry look.
2483	7	The fantastic hypocrisy demonstrated by the so-called world leaders in the matter of the “energy transition” at two consecutive summits – in Rome (G20) and in Glasgow (COP26) – is overflowing through the end. During the time of the pandemic, these people have completely ceased to shame anything and clearly say: “We set rules for you, the proletarians, they do not affect us.” Why the proletariat? “Yes because you are in spring! “Boo-ga”
2483	9	Yes, indeed, in addition to the unprecedented narrow on the automotive industry and car owners, the “climate struggle” also involves the struggle against the aviation industry and air flights. Greta Thunberg goes literally to tons of ecologically clean fertilizer in a campaign against “home” flights that she and those who stand behind her accuse of producing immeasurable amounts of CO2.
2483	11	We will not remind the activists that with all the aircraft in the past a year and a half it was not very good and the nature was incredibly cleaned. But not the pleasant faces of simple activists - they would put the entire air fleet on the ground. And here, in the summer, people still adapted to travel to the south of Europe for a vacation, and Ryanair broke out to lead with millions of transports. The fact is that the climate fighters’ targets are these flights that take one or two hours. In fact, the main consumer of these flights is a small and medium-sized businessman and millions of vacationers who buy themselves package tours to the sea, collecting on the ground for a year money for the whole family. That is, a very simple and smooth pipe.
2483	13	And here, under the talk that the people in the name of the building of communism, that is, the achievement of climate neutrality (the creators of the KPSS program, who promised communism until 1985, just drowned from jealousy), must stretch the belt, not eat meat, cross on bicycles and prepare for electricity on the cards, the climate summit in Glasgow began to arrive the owners of the discours and paradigms.
2483	15	The first was Britain's Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who arrived on a plane (Race London - Glasgow, 1 hour 20 minutes). You know that he is an important person, he has a shortage. This is what he told journalists on the question, and whether it was ethical to fly on a local flight when the climate is in danger. “And the train is too long,” Johnson replied. Surprisingly, we say the same thing. And millions of people say the same thing – “to travel too long,” but they’re touching them like dogs in a rubber, in a carbon footprint: “Sorry, shame, shame, don’t do it anymore.”
2483	17	Then the climate fighter Jeff Bezos, the Amazon owner, arrived on a private Gulfstream plane with his girlfriend. Private jetes, so that you understand, are anti-leaders by the ratio of “missing/passenger number”. There were two passengers. Before this they visited Bill Gates' personal vessel, which with his three huge diesel engines does not ozonize the atmosphere too. But how can we torture respected people for such little things? Von Bezos has promised to spend a couple of billion dollars on climate protection. What they are going to do is not very clear.
2483	19	As we understand, the rest of the summit also didn’t come by foot: as the German edition Focus says, 400 private jetes were used to deliver important air-condition bodies to Glasgow. Four hundred private aircraft! Joe Biden, who is also moving to Scotland with a cortese, has slightly reduced his appetite and is now less than eighty-five. Just you haven’t seen the Scotland roads and in general Scotland – there’s just no place for eighty-five “suburbanes.” But, however, good people have already placed photos on which giant American cars are thirstly charged with diesel (protested by all climate fighters) on local car supplies.
2483	20	No one is shameful anymore. The public is a world in which the use of the goods of civilization is the prerogative of the rich and the strong, and the rest must gradually strengthen in a world that will no longer be affected by the industrial revolution of the 19th century. Of course, under beautiful slogans and the battle of bubbles. Remember that many beautiful democratic slogans led societies to GULAG and other democratic institutions.
2483	22	Therefore, there will be a few more years, and the children who were born with Bezos and grew up with Gates and Soros, standing on dust roads, will ask, “Mama, what is this silver bird flying high and high?” – “This is the name of a plane, a daughter, on which Bezos himself flies, about our climate he thinks – see, the illuminator lights?” Very eco-friendly salmon hat without carbon footprint.2484
2484	3	A small island in the ocean put a big sign of question before the idea of refusing fertilizers and pesticides / ©Wikimedia Commons
2484	5	Local officials are trying to transfer the responsibility for what happened to a sharp decline in turbo flow due to the coronavirus, but the figures show that the key problem is completely different. In 2019, the election in this country won the president, a supporter of fashion green ideas. It soon banned the sale of mineral fertilizers and moved to “sustainable agriculture.” How did popular “organic” ideas influence the fast-growing local economy not so long ago? And why can the lessons of the Sri Lanka tragedy benefit even the West and Russia?
2484	7	Recently, Sri Lanka was among the leaders of South Asia in terms of GDP per capita and the pace of its growth. And here on the streets are already rows behind the kerosine, the electricity is massively turned off, and the country itself has declared default – not purely technical, as soon as it will be in Russia, but the most real, with the corresponding consequences.
2484	9	Often it is said that the victory has many fathers, and the defeat is impotence. But on Ceylon (the old name of the island) happened the opposite: the economic defeat of the state was sought by many parents immediately. The official version of the authorities is simple: before there was a lot of tourists, then the coronavirus came and eaten all the tourism. Simple, clear and wrong.
2484	11	Yes, in 2019, the country was visited by 1.9 million tourists, which brought it $3.5 billion. And in 2021 they were only 194 thousand (in 2020 - 570 thousand). It seems that the decade of the turnover revenue fully justifies the position of local politicians: a relatively small economy has lost more than $3 billion in annual revenue. In the end, default occurs most often just where currency revenue becomes less than currency expenditure.
2484	13	However, as the American people’s wisdom says, there is a true note that allows you to understand when politicians are cheating: they have their lips shed. Let’s try to check the position of the official Colombo (the so-called local capital) with the numbers in hand. Tourism has never been the first or even second source of currency for this country. In the same year 2019, Sri Lanka received only $19.42 billion from the export of goods and services, which means that tourism covered only 18.0% of the total currency flow.
2484	15	In 2020, Sri Lanka’s export of goods and services (where tourism is included) fell by 31.1%, and tourism itself reduced the country’s currency revenue by only 15 percent, significantly less than any other factors. So what are these “other factors”?
2484	17	Ceylon tea and others
2484	18	"Sri Lanka - the ""blessed land"" on the Sanskrit - this island became known only after the independence in 1972. And before that he carried the name Ceylon received from the colonizers. Once the main export goods of the island was coffee, but the Hemileia vastatrix fungus in the 19th century destroyed all coffee plantations, and since then the island switched to tea – all these “Dilmas” and a number of other brands, until recently found in every Russian supermarket. Despite the small area (less than half of the Vologod region), the warm climate allowed to grow there 10% of the entire tea of the planet."
2484	20	Of course, agriculture in this place included also rice and coconut nuts, and the total share of food in local export was 26.1%. For comparison: in Russia, gas accounts for only 11.1% of exports, that is, its significance for our payment balance is ~2.5 times less than food exports for Sri Lanka.
2484	22	And this is where such a powerful factor as ideology has entered into the game. The economist John Keynes once said:
2484	24	The ideas of economists and political thinkers — and when they are right, and when they are wrong — are much more important than usual to think. In fact, it is only they who rule the world. Practicers who consider themselves not entirely exposed to intellectual influence are usually the slaves of any deceased economist of the past.” Nowadays, of course, the Keynes phrase needs to be updated: it must necessarily add the words “(and equally the ecocativists)”.
2484	26	Such intellectual slavery of politicians and the peoples governed by them is a constant phenomenon of the last centuries, determining the development of the whole countries and peoples. The ideas that won in the 1790s led to the fact that the French economy lost the first place among the European powers on which it was before the Great French Revolution. The misleading Marxist ideas led Russia and China through the hunger and economic failures of unprecedented scales in the world history. A glass of light and the third world.
2484	28	Of course, Marxism is not so much in fashion today, but “on the horse” other ideas. For decades, the eco-feminist, Winda Shiva, has been leading an untouchable struggle with all the basic technologies of intense agriculture – a struggle for which she has been called the “Gandhi of grain.” And its ideas are extremely popular, and not only in India, where it lives, but also throughout South Asia and even in the Western countries.
2484	30	Shiva's main theses are familiar even to those who have never heard her name, they have become typical for all organic farming supporters from California to Japan. One of them is that the Green Revolution was evil. The green revolution is called the primitive reconstruction of agriculture around the world, which began in the 1950s.
2484	32	The essence of the revolution was in replacing traditional varieties of agriculture with new, highly productive hybrids. Indeed, these hybrids often themselves poorly preserved their properties when subsequently reproduced outside the selection centers. Because of this, the seeds for them were not from the past harvest, but all in the same centers. In addition, the Green Revolution included in its formula of success imports of significant amounts of fertilizers that increased harvest and pesticides that reduced harvest losses from harmful agents.
2484	34	Winda Shiva has repeatedly stated: “The Green Revolution has left farmers so poor that they are now committing suicides” (like millions). the comforts? “These are military chemicals that are made of fossil fuels,” she tweeted.
2484	36	Winda Shiva, among other things, is also a sharp critic of GMO. However, GMOs in Sri Lanka and without it were unprofitable, why it was no sense to fight them here / ©Wikimedia Commons
2484	38	Of course, it can be said that all of this strongly gives an anti-scientific approach (although it has a scientific degree of the Western University). And statistics show that the well-being of Indian farmers after the Green Revolution has grown sharply, and the frequency of suicides among them is decreasing.
2484	40	But the figures for Winda Shiva are not important. If fertilizers are made of fossil fuels, it means evil. and point.
2484	42	Her suggestive theses are similar to what was said by Rachel Carson, an American known for her struggle against DDT in the 1960s (we wrote about this tragedy here). Everything that is natural is good, but much that comes from man is evil. In nature, there are no pesticides or fertilizers (this, of course, is not so, in nature there are thousands of pesticides of biological origin, which we have also written about). There is nothing good in them, and this should be avoided in agriculture.
2484	44	Simply speaking, Winda Shiva is Greta Thunberg, born only in 1952: a lady with a certain set of views, and completely indifferent to the fact that the real world does not match this set.
2484	46	All this would be just a fun page in the history of human mistakes, if not one “but.” In the end, the world is not governed by politicians, because they do not invent ideas. The world is governed by those who invent ideas that will ultimately implement policies.
2484	48	Winda Shiva was not just successful from high western tribunes, where all this organic farming is very fashionable. She became one of the main thinkers who influenced the formation of ideas in the head of Godabai Rajapaksa.
2484	50	This democratically elected President of Sri Lanka even during his pre-election campaign actively promoted the idea of transition to organic farming and refusal to fertilizers, just in the spirit of the famous statements of Shiva that fertilizers should not be allowed to be used in agriculture at all. And, of course, she was a counselor of the Lancashire state in this matter.
2484	52	Thus, the thinker once again captured into intellectual slavery another, speaking by Keynes, a practitioner who considers himself not entirely subject to intellectual influence. What came out of this?
2484	54	The fate of the flood in the tropical climate
2484	55	In April 2021, the government of Sri Lanka materialized the Thesis of Shiva on the prohibition of fertilizers and pesticides: their imports to the country were banned. By the way, one of the reasons was called the need to save the foreign currency for which all this was purchased. For fertilizers and pesticides it actually spent a couple of hundreds of millions of dollars a year.
2484	57	On the first agricultural season of 2021 (on the island their two per year) the “organic green transition” did not affect: fertilizers and pesticides from the warehouses closed the issue. Problems started in the second season:
2484	59	The climate on the sharp is quite ecuatorial, why the problem of the corn is very sharp / ©Wikimedia Commons
2484	61	More than obvious, rice harvest in this season 2021/2022 will be 40-45% lower than the average. The main reason is the transition from synthetic to organic fertilizers... forced by politicians through directives. This was predictable – enough to know how organic fertilizers act on agriculture and the fate of organic fertilizers in tropical conditions.”
2484	63	A representative of the local agriculture industry.
2484	65	For organic fertilizers, he is right. As much as the hot climate makes the long storage and transportation of the flood a full-fledged ancient adventure of the Homer scale. Organic agriculture ideologists usually miss this moment: it is assumed that agriculture should consist of small farms, where the farmer collects feed from his own livestock and therefore transportation and storage problems do not arise at all.
2484	67	However, the economic reality is that in most cases unprofitable agriculture requires specialization either in livestock or agriculture — and in Sri Lanka it is expected to dominate the latter. There is a deficit here.
2484	69	Importing it from other countries, even if not to talk about the deadly smell and rapid disturbance during such transport on the heat, is expensive. Because the main part of the nausea is not needed by plants nitrogen, potassium and so on, but destroying organic remains from carbon and hydrogen. Simply speaking, to replace 1 ton of mineral fertilizers you will have to import a lot of tons of flour — or reduce the yield.
2484	71	Transporting a lot of tons of flour is expensive, so the agriculture of the former Seylon eventually went on the second path.
2484	73	The result was predictable: rice prices on the island rose by 50%. From the exporter of rice he turned into an importer – the rice had to be imported for $450 million, twice as much as the spending on the import of fertilizers. The currency balance of the country was doubled: exports fell as rice from exports fell, and imports grew as all the same rice is now to be imported.
2484	75	Maybe only the rice has been damaged. No: the harvest of corn last season was 50 thousand tons, and in this are predicted... 60 tons (yes, this is not a seal, almost a thousand times less). Well, what does it mean to sow corn if its falling yield will make the cost of such “organic culture” above market prices? The need for corn is not done anywhere: it just now has to be carried out.
2484	77	The incoming income from the tea export only in the last three months of 2020 is $25 million. The total estimate of damage to the Lancashire tea industry is $425 million. The yield and other important domestic export crops - coconut palm and gewey (cotton) - fell by dozens per cent.
2484	79	The disaster became so obvious that in November 2021, Rajapaks finally surrendered and canceled the decision to ban imports of fertilizers and pesticides. Until now, only in relation to export crops: the currency flow to the country was severely dependent on them.
2484	81	Sadly, it’s been too late: Europeans’ struggle with long-term contracts with Gazprom has raised gas prices in Europe and then around the world. And the cost of fertilizers and until the rise of gas prices by 80% was formed by them.
2484	83	When fertilizers were allowed to sell again, they were already able to form a black market, with its typical exaggerated prices. Sri Lanka farmers are protesting against this ugly phenomenon, but no one can stop it yet. Despite the hot climate, everything is in masks: in this sense Sri Lanka is definitely ahead of Russia / ©Wikimedia Commons
2484	85	"As a result, the purchase of fertilizers at new prices was unbeatable for the local agriculture, which was heavily affected by the decline of the harvest ""by organic scenario""."
2484	87	Now in Sri Lanka the crisis: the government, apparently, will change, the country has announced a default, the currencies for the purchase of traveling all over the world energy carriers are missing, why from the end of March on the island the electricity is faithfully turned off.
2484	89	The islanders who have not seen this almost never protest. But quickly this situation cannot be fixed: fertilizers and pesticides this year are much more expensive than in the past. And the money to buy them from farmers is less than ever, because a year without harvest has thrown the soil out of their feet.
2484	91	Can organic farming normally feed anybody?
2484	92	Organic agriculture is of three types. The first is “California”. Farmers grow all on the ground and without pesticides, as a result, they put a lot of manual work in the field and have a harvest 20–30% lower than those who import mineral fertilizers and pesticides.
2484	94	The price of their products is at least a dozen percent higher than in the supermarket. But their buyers are people with difficult ideas in the head and therefore pay at increased prices with the same ease that Mavrodi customers gave money to the MMM in the 1990s. This model is sustainable: people with specific ideas in developed countries are sufficient.
2484	96	The second type of “organic agriculture” is in the poorest areas of Africa: local people simply don’t have money for fertilizers and pesticides. They live mainly in a natural farming and are hungry, because they don’t have any cash stocks to buy food on the market as well.
2484	98	"The third, the local variety of “organic agriculture” is the “variant of Oklynnikov”, a non-spacecraft agriculture in the form in which it was invented by the Russian agronom at the end of the 19th century. It is practiced, for example, in the Pence region. Benefits here are not normally introduced (and even charged), but the harvest is decent, as the tractors smell everything, except the gathered grain, back to the ground with special farms. In the soil ""seno-soloma"" after cleaning, wheat is overwhelmed, providing the next year a normal level of nitrogen and phosphorus in the soil."
2484	100	The problem of “how to be with herbicides without herbicides” is also solved by machines, not by “chemistry”: the herbicides are first given to grow in the spring, and then the tractors pass, smell them, smelling the remains into the ground (some kind of “green fertilizer”). Over this processing, the wheat is planted.
2484	102	This scheme works, but it has a huge disadvantage, due to which the theoretics of organic farming will never satisfy it: it solves issues not “naturally” but by optimal use of mechanized soil processing.
2484	104	Meanwhile, all theoretics of organic agriculture require the maximum “naturality” of it. This may be one of the reasons why in the western world the Oklynikova scheme is not used (the unspooked agriculture in the West is, but quite different, yet with fertilizers).
2484	106	The Ceylonians don’t live in Russia, they have the climate and the main cultures different, and they don’t have any information about Oklynikov’s methods. Thus, in theory, they could retain their harvest by only one way: importing to the island several times more flour than they have previously imported mineral fertilizers, and also drastically increasing labour investments in their agriculture.
2484	108	Because the cultivation of tea cows is not wheat in the Penzen region. Going through the field by a tractor, breaking all the scraps with a special tool and smelling them, you will not succeed. And grapes in a warm and moist climate grow very intensely – like, in fact, the cultural plants. So they would have to burn out manually, attracting much more people than before. Well, or enjoying the decline in productivity.Sri Lanka, August 3, 2021, a handful of tea plantation. Usually the tea bushes are too close to each other for a high-efficiency mechanized slurry: a great chance of damaging the roots / ©ISHARA S. KODIKARA/AFP via Getty Images
2484	110	There are only a couple of millions of farmers in Sri Lanka, less than 10% of the population. Therefore, the island naturally went on the second path, and not at all on the first.
2484	112	By the way: Winda Shiva, although it doesn’t offer to solve the problem of worms other than manual, offers a “organic” means of fighting insects. This, attention, is the oil of the Indian tree to them.
2484	114	What, it’s really a bad insecticide... it’s just it, like all bio-pesticides, much more expensive than chemical. Well, of course, the Lancis could not take advantage of them, because oil is too expensive for farmers, with income below the California.
2484	116	Lessons: Untold yet
2484	117	In fact, the main lesson of the Sri Lanka crisis is not the mistake of the ideas of organic agriculture. It was obvious before that: even in the experience of developed countries it was well known that the costs of “organic” farmers were higher, and their harvests were lower.
2484	119	The main lesson from Sri Lanka is the meaninglessness of the “Culture of Abolition” with regard to the ideas of technical progress. Since the 1960s, since the time of Rachel Carson’s crossroads against pesticides and similar to the ideas of the anti-atomic crossroads, the ideas of the harmfulness and harmfulness of key technologies used by modern humans have spread around the world.
2484	121	If before the 1960s people saw in progress the means of growth of well-being and the foundation of the successes of our species, then after that the source of evil is increasingly seen in it. “Sustainable” is now called such economic systems that minimally use energy and substances from anthropogenic sources. The sun must shine over the field and the rain will come – and that’s all.
2484	123	This is a false concept. The use of technology, synthetic fertilizers and pesticides appeared not just so, but because it allowed to get much more food from the same area of the earth than any organic farming could do.
2484	125	Red indicates the areas under the grains in the world. It is easy to see that they have changed slightly for more than half a century. The Greens are shown to those lands that the growth of the harvest that has occurred since the Green Revolution allows not to use / ©OurWorldInData
2484	127	The same can be said about other sharp accusations of progress by the same Winda Shiva and its co-minders. Speaking of the “climate crisis”, she forgets to clarify that its generating anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions have led the earth’s vegetation to the most prosperous state in the past at least 50,000 years. Speaking about the harmfulness of fertilizers, Shiva forgets that without them no other modern country could solve the food problem.
2484	129	The key lesson of the events in Sri Lanka: we need to be less considered idiots of those who have produced technical progress, which has led to the fact that we have been using less and less earth for 30 years, but in the end we have a minimum of hunger throughout the history of the human species.
2484	131	And more to ask ourselves: are exactly our ideas of “progress – evil” generated by rational thinking? And not that we, like Windane Sheve or Grete Thunberg, just experience a lack of knowledge in areas where we try to make conclusions of space scale—and space unfoundedness?
2485	3	However, Ukraine, with all its madness, needs Russia as an example of how it is not to live. For example, it is not possible to use the vaccine simply for the purpose of vaccinating and swallowing the pockets of oligarchs and officials. This exciting activity was the cause of the first in Europe open anti-vaccination parental rebellion, which now cannot be suppressed by the WHO, the Supreme Court, the media, the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Education of Ukraine. After the work of Ulyana Suprun, who fled from Canada, and the massive deaths of children from poor vaccines, people refuse to believe them and are more willing to pay for the lipo certificate than to play the lottery with the health and life of the child.
2485	6	The last in the attack on Ukrainian parents was the Supreme Court of Ukraine, which in days ruled that the non-vaccinated child cannot be visited in the garden. This is stated in the judgment of the court of 17 April 2019. He did not satisfy the claim of a mother who defended her right to bring the child to a pre-school school without mandatory vaccinations. It is noted that in June 2016, the Ukrainian woman appealed to the court with a claim not to interfere with her unvaccinated child in obtaining pre-school education. First, her claim was satisfied by the decision of the Slavut district court of the Khmelnitsk region. However, in 2017, the pre-school institution filed a complaint, which was satisfied. But the judgment of the court of first instance was repealed, and a new judgment was taken, which was rejected in satisfaction of the claim. Additionally, the Supreme Court ruled that the individual interest of a person (rejection of vaccination) cannot be placed above the general interest of society – not suffering from infectious diseases. The court ruled that “the task of the state is to ensure the optimal balance between the realization of the right of the child to pre-school education and the interests of other children.”
2485	8	"This was the first official victory of officials over their parents. Earlier, in September 2018, the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine sent to the heads of all regional state administrations an official letter, in which they ordered not to allow non-vaccinated children to educational institutions. Now this rule has been established by the court. The Ukrainians themselves told RIA ""Katyush"", that they are now waiting for a sharp reward of lipo vaccines from approximately a thousand rubles for our money to a half-and-two thousand. According to the citizens of the country, this is not the highest price for the life of their child."
2485	10	You can understand the officials with the judges – they just have no place to do: in connection with the epidemic of the cor, which from Ukraine began to spread across Europe, they are pressed by everyone – the WHO, UNICEF, the European Union. The Western “partner” openly demands to bring the vaccine rate from the African level at least to some decent indicators. Today, Ukraine is in the same line with Romania and Albania.
2485	12	It would seem to be what the question is, everyone needs to be healed, pushed and there will be happiness. However, the office of a Canadian citizen enters the case with the diploma of the Feldsher, the activist of Maidan, who now fled from Ukraine, the former head of the Ministry of Health Ulyana Suprun. In fact, its role in the current anti-vaccination rebellion is difficult to overestimate. Having done more serious work on the breakdown of medical care, district hospitals and emergency as such, she and the team actively took for vaccination and received an epidemic of complications after polio vaccines, after which even doctors rebelled against vaccination. The Government of Canada has allocated 3 million as humanitarian aid. Canadian dollars for the purchase of OPV and IPV vaccines (polio prevention vaccines) by the UNICEF Children's Fund. The total procurement provides for the supply of 1.1 million. The dose of the HPV vaccine and 3.7 million doses of the HPV vaccine. On June 26, 2014, the Ministry of Health of Ukraine that the first pack of vaccines in the amount of 1.5 million doses of OPV and 600 thousand were received. dose of IPV.
2485	14	"According to the calendar of preventive vaccines, in Ukraine, the vaccination of children for the prevention of polio is carried out at the age of 2 months, 4 months, 6 months, 18 months, 6 years and 14 years. The HPV vaccine is used for 3-6 vaccines (at the age of 6 months, 18 months, 6 years and 14 years) in the absence of contraindications to HPV. Annual vaccine demand is approximately 2 million doses. Given the need for such a volume and humanitarian assistance in the amount of 1.5 million doses, continuous vaccination can be carried out for 9 months... At the same time, the vaccine in the frozen form came to Ukraine: the temperature regime when the vaccine was transported was observed in the range of 2 to 8 ° C, which is permitted by the instructions of the drug. but. Such storage conditions significantly reduce the duration (up to 6 months from the date of freezing!) and increase the risk of non-use of the vaccine, instead of the possibility of use of the vaccine for 2 years while stored in the refrigerator in frozen form (-20 ° C). The UNICEF has consciously introduced the drug after dehydration, which obliges in the near future to quickly use the OPV vaccine for the vaccination of the country’s population. After receiving the humanitarian cargo, on the next day, May 22, the DG ""Ukrvacina"" writes a letter to the Deputy Minister of Health Pereginc I.B with a request for clarification of the regime of subsequent storage of vaccines. The letter reports that the goods are accepted for storage in the warehouse on May 21, and the attention is emphasized on the transportation of the vaccine at a temperature of 2-8 ° C. As a result of the change of the “cold chain” the public enterprise also confirms changes in the validity periods, which have decreased to 6 months from the date of production, and the impossibility to freeze the vaccine again if it has already been frozen. The apogee of history was the resolution of May 29 Deputy Minister Igor Pereginz, who unanimously takes the decision to re-cold the vaccine to -20 ° C according to the UNICEF recommendations in violation of the drug instructions. Per, the responsible persons of the Ministry of Health or UNICEF have relied on the instructions of other manufacturers, where several cycles of ""frost-frost"" are allowed. But for the vaccine it is prohibited! The decision of the Deputy Minister was fulfilled. 1.5 million The dose of the OPV vaccine has been freezed again,” the portal “Medical Control” tells this breathing story."
2485	16	It would seem to be the most reasonable after that to just throw out the broken vaccines and not risk, but not – how could this Ukraine throw out so much valuable humanitarian cargo? The vaccine was re-frosted around the children. The result did not have to wait a long time. Here are a few cases from the list of Ukrainian media:
2485	18	On November 3, 2015, Kola Antoniuk died, 5.5 years old. Symptoms of intestinal viral infection: pain in the stomach, high temperature. According to the information available, he was vaccinated against polio on 29 October. The guilt. A girl, 4 years old. They were arrested against polio in the Sabarov Children's Garden. Hospitalized with symptoms of viral infection (high temperature). She died the same day. The information was received on 25 November 2015.
2485	20	White Church, 25 November 2015, boy, 3.5 years old. He was vaccinated at the beginning of the month, hospitalized with symptoms of intestinal viral infection (high temperature, stomach pain, nausea). He received an antibiotic therapy course. He died shortly a few days after the release. There is information about the falsification of medical documentation.
2485	22	Volynskaya oblast, Kovel-Lutk, 28 October 2015, Tanya Karpovich, 9 months. Hospitalized with symptoms of intestinal viral infection - vomiting, high temperature. He was transferred to a regional hospital and no emergency medical assistance was provided. She died a few hours later.
2485	24	The wave of complications and deaths harshed Ukraine, while doctors extremely disappointedly acknowledged that this vaccine was the fault. There were also those who stood on the side of their parents. “To accuse our people of not wanting to vaccinate their children is unilaterally impossible. Because with those playgrounds that the Ministry of Health of Ukraine has arranged under the leadership of Ulyana Suprun, when low-quality vaccines are carried out... Remember the polio vaccine, again everyone was forced to be vaccinated, and how many complications were there. Children are dying after vaccination. Here recently died a six-month-old child at the educator of the kindergarten where my daughter went. A healthy 6-month boy received a planned vaccine and died of encephalitis. Before that the child was healthy. Therefore, I understand all the fears of the population of our country and I believe that I cannot unanimously condemn those Ukrainians who do not want to vaccinate children. I can’t say that all vaccines are harmful and that’s all. This question should be approached quite well,” said the chairman of the free trade union of medical workers of Ukraine, Oleg Panasenko.
2485	26	According to Oleg Panasenko, their Ministry of Health actually forced children to be the “utilisers” of the polio vaccine. “Here in Ukraine it was brought to our children, even forced to make the re-vaccination of this already poor quality vaccine, so that they don’t pay the money for its recycling, because it’s also a lot of money,” he said.
2485	28	"And if Suprun stopped – but no, the entrepreneurial lady continued to “save” and buy uncomprehensible what and uncomprehensible to whom – for example, in India. “As for the purchased ACDS vaccine for the prevention of cough, difteria and column (Serum Institute, India), the Ministry of Health has not recorded complications after vaccination, but only the reactions “which are placed in the picture of post-vaccination reactions.” I quote: ""They are the safest in the world, she said during the briefing I.O. Minister of Health Uliana Suprun,"" the journalists in 2018. They discovered that this vaccine was never used either in North America or in Europe – anywhere except in Ukraine. Three times assured everyone that the vaccine was verified, Suprun literally immediately received a loud scandal after the death of a six-month Olesy from Turnopol, who died the next day after vaccination with the ACDS vaccine from the Serum Institute of India."
2485	30	The epidemic of death from vaccines is ongoing: on March 29, this year, a six-month girl died in the Rivnensk region after a vaccination against polio and hepatitis. The vaccination was made to a baby in one of the medical facilities of the city of Costopol. This is by the “observator” with reference to the communication department of the Main Administration of the National Police in the Rivnensk region. In the evening, the child’s health was drastically deteriorating. The parents called the emergency medical brigade. Before the child arrived, the child died.
2485	32	Now about the epidemic. The fact is that, despite the launched pear campaign for vaccination and persecution of opponents, it is already proven: the vaccine does not work there. Since 2017, 27 people have died in Ukraine from coral complications. This was stated by the chairman of the committee of the Supreme Council on health issues Olga Bogomolec, the press service of the committee reports. “From complications of the cortex since 2017, 27 patients have died (2017 – 5, 2018 – 16, from the beginning of 2019 – 6 people have died)”, – Bogomolec noted.
2485	34	He also indicated the number of sick in this period.
2485	36	“Since 2017, for the third year in a row, there is an epidemic rise in cornea disease in Ukraine. During this time, more than 71.5 thousand cases of cornea disease were registered among the population (2017 – 4782 cases, 2018 – 52 349 cases, in 5 weeks of 2019 – 15 095 cases)”, – said Bogomolec.
2485	38	And the problem here was that among the dead the vaccinated and non-vaccinated go almost to the level. The child who died in Odessa was not vaccinated. But even vaccination does not save from the disease. In the school of the village of Ivanovo Limansky district of the Odessa region, 12 children were sick, six of which were vaccinated twice, four – once, and only two children were not vaccinated. In October, a 12-year-old boy died in Zakarpatia, whose parents wrote a refusal to vaccinate. And in January in Odessa, a 17-year-old girl died from pneumonia, which arose as a complication after the hair. Her father said that her daughter had been welcomed twice,” the Ukrainian media.
2485	40	"The conclusion is made by itself: if the difference between the sick, and mostly the dead, with the vaccination and without it is not very different, then either the vaccine simply does not work, or there are some ""other"" causes. Casual vaccines – more than possible, taking into account the experience of past purchases by the Suprun department and its already too short escape after the departure of Poroshenko. However, there is another “or” called the “Health System”. Whatever anyone said, the vaccine is not a panacea or a magical elixir, after which you are protected from the disease. If no hospitals work or there is no medication, no primary medical care and ambulance, then at least three times all around the circle of vaccines, and epidemics will still catch the population. There is no corneum – it will be a cough of difteria, the epidemic of which was predicted by Dr. Komarovsky, or the usual flu. According to the COS, from 13 to 19 May there again continued the flu epidemic, one person died, and 97.8 thousand Ukrainians (68% of whom are children) were sick. The epidemic has gone without a stop since last September and it is not going to rush."
2485	42	And here we end the wonderful story about our neighbors and start making conclusions. You can, of course, laugh and touch with your finger: yes, the post-maidan Ukraine is different at all by the fact that any problem leads to absurdity. But laughing is not worth it – we’re going there, just a little slower. We have the same “optimization”, and more simply, the deprivation of the population of medical care, which is officially confirmed by the Rostat.
2485	44	And just as in the independent, there is no criminal liability for vaccine manufacturers and those who use them, somehow forget that vaccines are, first of all, a business that brings billions. There is no public control of the vaccination process by parents. Everything falls down to the belief in the “honest noble word” of the officials that everything is verified and safe. At the same time, to say that Russian officials lobbying vaccination are something different from Ukrainian colleagues, you need to have a lot of optimism. Ministry of Health, even more. And what we have not yet “rvanulated” is a matter of time: the most skilled parents are already on pickets across the country against the violent vaccination http://katyusha.org/view?id=12112.
2485	46	So may it be worth looking at the sad experience of the neighbors and starting to solve these questions today, rather than waiting for people to start rebelling?
2486	4	Russia needs a vaccine against Western cultural epidemic
2486	5	The rapid spread of the “Black lives matter” ideology from the United States throughout the West has shown that Russia needs immunity from other socio-cultural trends, cultural and civilizational vaccination from this and other epidemics.
2486	8	Federal News Agency
2486	10	The rapid spread of the “Black lives matter” ideology from the United States throughout the West has shown that Russia needs more serious immunity from other socio-cultural trends, cultural and civilizational vaccination from this and other similar epidemics.
2486	12	The presence of such immunity is a characteristic sign of civilization as such. When you, on the one hand, have a certain influence on others – the “make force”, as it is now used to be said. And with the other, you have immunity from the influence of others. When you have both factors and there are certain economic and strategic resources to strengthen this, only then you can claim the status of a civilization.
2486	14	However, achieving such immunity of Russia is difficult because of the work of the “agents” – I mean not the fifth column, but in the literal sense of the words of acting persons who are the carriers of modern Western trends. They understand that in our country it is easier for the representatives of the intellectual class to climb up and establish their own position, being the “agent” of the left-wing socio-cultural changes coming from the West.
2486	16	Simply speaking, if I now begin to preach modern Western ideas, showing that, unlike many in Russia, I know them well, and I am still in contact with the creators of these ideas in the West, then my status here will grow sharply. If I become, let’s say, a promoter of the “Black lives matter” movement in Russia, then just from one fact that I’m a quality broadcaster of these ideas, I’m already able to become a significant person in the domestic cultural community.
2486	18	Boris Mezhuev: Russia needs a vaccine against the epidemic of cultural trends from the West
2486	20	Federal News Agency
2486	22	This is a fact, and you will not do anything with it yet. It is clear that such a state of affairs will attract young people interested in modern Western life. Not because we all have some reason, but because people who represent themselves as “agents” of Western trends have a great influence here. Some of them are more talented, some less, but their role will always be bigger.
2486	24	Accordingly, this gives some resource in relation to the internal Russian composition. Suppose I have no position, but I am a supporter of racial or gender consciousness. And I already, as a carrier of the “avanced” ideology, have a resource to resist the bureaucracy, including the scientific and educational organizations within which I am.
2486	26	It is the greatest resource. There will be a large number of young and not necessarily young people who will necessarily benefit from them. This we have a “conservative vaccine” based on our historical experience, first of all in the 1990s. A large number of young people do not have that. For them, making themselves an instrument in the fight against existing Russian structures, which are in a very unchanged state, is a natural form of career growth.
2486	28	How to resist this?
2486	30	Federal News Agency
2486	32	It requires conservative education. We need a serious infrastructure that would reveal the genesis of these Western ideas, show their place in the modern life of the West, talk about what the basis of the Russian culture and life should be held and why blindly borrowing modern Western cultural trends is stupid and destructive. Why do you need something else.
2486	34	It is clear that some cultural changes must also take place in Russia, but they must come from some different logic, other principles and grounds. After all, the grounds offered by the West do not actually lead to anything good.
2486	36	Such conservative educational centers should be many, they should be independent, maintain freedom of expression and at the same time not run in search of Western grants. This is difficult to do, because the Russian authority, like any authority, if someone supports, seeks to govern them. Therefore, it is desirable that these centers have university character, at least be connected to universities and possess a certain intellectual autonomy. Then the people who represent this conservative education could not be afraid of guilty of being a “instrument of political propaganda.”
2486	38	This was at its time achieved in England and was called “Victorianism” when such a role began to be played by English universities. This was done at its time in Caesarean Germany, and then in the Weimar Republic, when the role of universities was sharply rising and they became truly independent centers of intellectual education. To some extent, it was in America, at least in the best years of development of this country, until the postmodernism that came from Europe broke the foundation of cultural education in the United States, largely created by German traditions.
2486	40	There are positive examples, and I think that could be done in Russia as well. Political propaganda will not play any role. After all, if the agents of Western cultural trends will be confronted by people who understand that each word they are forced to deal with the leadership, no matter whether university or political, then, of course, it will not lead to anything good.
2486	42	Of course, such universities can be built on other grounds, in some technotronic form, with YouTube channel and TV output, and possess all the capabilities and opportunities for technological development. Then Russia will really be able to jump through a difficult period when all this wave will come to us. Otherwise, our country will be under the influence of Western trends, which will also acquire a pseudomorphic character in us, as it happened with Marxism, that is, will be transformed with some specificity. Or they are going to move forward here for the non-critical europeization of Russia.
2486	44	Until now, our country has no such immunity, and we need to look for it, as all recent scientists have been looking for a coronavirus vaccine. In the cultural and civilizational field, we also need a vaccine against the epidemic of ideas in the West, and finding it is as difficult and as important.
2487	3	Who is Ginsburg and the centre of Gomalia wholesale to buy the vaccine for rubles and dollars?
2487	4	The information agency REGNUM analyzed the activities of the centre of Gammala and found the most curious details that raise very uncomfortable questions to this centre and its head, Alexander Ginsburg.
2487	7	Ginsburg and the center of Gammala: who is wholesale to buy the vaccine for rubles and dollars?
2487	9	Author: Anastasia Stepanova
2487	11	The controversial comments of Alexander Ginsburg – the head of the GAMALEA NIC, who is the developer and one of the manufacturers of the vaccine “Gam-Covid-Wak” (“Satellite V”), – are already compared to the stories of the brothers Grimm. In December 2020 Ginsburg ambitiously spoke that the satellite V will create immunity from the 21st century for two years, in April 2021 he expressed hope for lifelong preservation of immunity after vaccination, and already in June the head of the centre of Gammala said that vaccination is necessary “every six months.” So still: for six years, a year, two years or a lifetime protection? This is a matter not only of the epidemic of the Russian Federation, but also of huge money, astronomical margin for some.
2487	13	IA REGNUM analyzed the state orders of the centre of Gammala and found the most curious thing: the state institution, which is not only a developer but also a vaccine manufacturer, for 2020-2021 years appeared a customer (!!!) About 30 state contracts with some “unique supplier” to produce dozens of millions of “Sputnik V” doses. The total amount of these transactions already in the summer of this year exceeded the mark of 113.6 billion rubles, and at least three of them were on very decent amounts in foreign currency. But the supplier himself in open sources does not figure or disclose.
2487	15	So who makes the vaccine under the brand of the centre of Gamala? Interesting details about the centre of Gammala - in the material IA REGNUM.
2487	17	About the vaccine and the centre of Gamala
2487	19	"The registration certificate for the vaccine ""Gam-Covid-Vak"" (the trademark ""Sputnik V"") was issued on August 11, 2020. It is called the world’s first registered vaccine for the prevention of COVID-19. The National Research Center of Epidemiology and Microbiology of N. F. Gamaley of the Ministry of Health of Russia."
2487	21	The center has been led by Alexander Ginsburg since 1999, who will be 70 in November 2021. From open sources it is known that Ginsburg has graduated from the Biology-Fundary Faculty of MGU, is a Doctor of Biological Sciences. He has been working in the centre of Gammala since 1982. According to TASS, he has since 2000 parallelly conducted the Department of Infectiology of the Medical and Preventive Faculty of Postgraduate Professional Education of the Moscow Medical Academy. I. M of Seychelles. It is a team of developers of the satellite V vaccine.
2487	23	TASS notes that Ginsburg’s daughter and wife also work (or worked) in Gamala. Meanwhile, in the income declaration of the head of the center for 2020 the spouse does not figure.
2487	25	The income of Alexander Ginsburg for the pandemic year was 18 352 730,37 rubles (an average of about 1.5 million rubles per month) against 7 712 177,36 rubles in 2019. Grow almost two and a half times.
2487	27	"On July 13, 2021, the centre of Gamala signed a contract worth 9 573 600 rubles for the purchase of the Audi A8L 45 AUDI AG. On the website of the automotive sellers it is described as ""the more luxurious version of the representative sedan A8"". Do you get used to good quickly?"
2487	30	Are deadlines discussed?
2487	32	"In December 2020, Alexander Ginsburg in Solovyev LIVE, commenting on the deadlines of protection, stated that the coronavirus vaccine ""Sputnik V"" creates immunity for two years, while the drug from Pfizer - for three to four months: ""I can only assume that there are necessary experimental data. As for our vaccine, the platform on which it was created, the Ebola vaccine was created on it, and there are experimental evidence that a similar vaccine provides protection for a minimum of two years,, and more.”"
2487	34	In April 2021, Ginsburg said: “I have the hope that the vaccine will work not a year or two, but a lifetime. He has been twice, and he lives there – five, ten years, longer. As I say, I will leave my antibodies in the testament to my descendants.”
2487	36	And again he, but already at the end of June 2021: “At present it is necessary to be vaccinated, as in all the instructive documents of the Ministry of Health is now written – and written quite correctly – every six months.”
2487	38	"In October 2021, he clarified that the two-component ""Sputnik V"" vaccine and subsequent re-vaccination with the nasal form of the drug will likely protect not only from the severe consequences of the COVID-19, but also from the coronavirus infection in general."
2487	40	If not deepen into the scientific and medical side of the question, then the frequency of re-vaccination is still quite a useful question: “How much?” How many and how often will billions of rubles be spent from the budget.
2487	42	The Court of Auditors of the Russian Federation estimated the costs of the regions for measures to prevent the consequences of coronavirus infection in 2020 at the level of 1093.6 billion rubles. For the same year in the country the regional budget deficit was estimated in the area of 811.1 billion rubles.
2487	44	Government Contracts of Gambia
2487	46	"To calculate the examples of the costs of the vaccines, please contact the data of the site of the stopcoronavirus. The full vaccination was passed by 50 960 796 people. It is worth remembering that the lion's share in this volume lies precisely on the ""Satellite V""."
2487	48	At the end of February 2021, the Russian government announced a reduction in the purchase prices for vaccines from 1,9 thousand. Rubles up to 850-870 rubles for two components. Thus, the costs for vaccines for such induced (with the account of 50.9 million vaccinated) should be approximately 43,826 billion rubles. But here’s what’s interesting: in May 2021 in the publication of the Russian newspaper, a representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation stated that the quantities of the coronavirus vaccine issued had already exceeded the budget in almost 60 billion rubles. These differences are a bit disturbing. Especially in the background of compulsory vaccination and developed aggressive campaign against citizens who do not want to get vaccinated.
2487	50	"The IA REGNUM, using the data of the project ""Gosreshtas"" of the Russian Accounting Chamber, analyzed the contracts of the centre of Gamalaya from 2020 worth 1 million rubles and above, which concerned the development and production of the vaccine, and found an interesting detail."
2487	52	"The center, which is the manufacturer of the ""Sputnik V"" vaccine, for 2020-2021 years was a customer (!!!) approximately 30 state contracts for “execution of work on the production of the drug Gam-Kovid-Vak”. All contracts were signed under the scheme of ""buy from the sole supplier"", but the supplier himself did not disclose."
2487	54	Three contracts were concluded in foreign currency. Their total value is $30.18 million (about 2.12 billion rubles). For example, on July 10, 2021, a contract was signed for $15.6 million and for 1 million doses.
2487	56	"The largest ruble contract was signed on 30 July 2021 for the amount of 33 500 322 296,64 rubles and 34 839 120 doses, i.e. about 961,5 rubles per dose at the vaccine vaccine ""Sputnik V"", approved by the government of the Russian Federation, at the level of 866 rubles 81 copies for two components."
2487	58	There were in 2021 with the same only but unknown supplier contracts for 17.3 billion rubles, 9.6 billion rubles, 9.04 billion rubles, as well as four contracts in the area of 7–7.7 billion rubles and so on. At the same time, on the website zakupki.gov.ru information about all contracts “disappears”.
2487	60	According to the results of the purchase analysis, it is possible to conclude that in these two years, the centre of Gamala has purchased millions of doses of the vaccine from a third party.
2487	62	"It is remarkable that the Ginsburg-managed center itself was a supplier on contracts for the same vaccine, i.e. actually sold it back to different regional government agencies and departments. For example, on August 12, 2021, he was signed a contract for 47 674 500 rubles with the FCU CBI of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia. According to him, the centre of Gammala was obliged to place 50 thousand. The dose ""Gam-Kovid-Vak"" at the price of 953.49 rubles per dose (over the vacation price approved by the government of the Russian Federation)."
2487	64	But there is a nuance. If you look at the official tender in the last couple of years, then such parties as the centre of Gamala purchased, it did not realize through competitive supplies. These millions of doses were sold through public purchases?
2487	66	According to the report on the movement of funds of the centre of Gamalaya, for 2020 the revenue from investment operations amounted to over 12,274 billion rubles against 90,8 million rubles a year earlier, of which from the implementation of medicines and products used in medical facilities, - 12,258 billion rubles against 83,8 million rubles in 2019.
2487	68	It will not be overwhelming to remind that officially the manufacturers of the satellite V, in addition to the centre of Gammala, are six other jurliets: AO “Binopharm” (Zelenograd), AO “Generyum” (Vladimirskaya oblast), AO “R-Farm” (Yaroslavskaya oblast), AO “Biokad” (Sankt-Petersburg), AO “Pharmaceutical firm “LEKKO” (Vladimirskaya oblast), AO “Farmstandard-Ufimsky vitamin plant” (Bashkyria). At the same time, at least three of them are linked to each other and lead to the big businessman, figure of the Forbes list – Victor Haritonin (founder of the FarmStandard holding).
2487	70	In the open data, the main shareholder “Farmstandard” is the Cyprus firm Augment Investments Limited (AUGMENT INVESTMENTS LIMITED). Haritonin is called a beneficiary.
2487	72	The Oligarch Haritonin open sources link with the former Minister of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation, the former Deputy Minister of Finance of the Russian Federation, the former Deputy President of the Russian Federation, Viktor Kristenko, the wife of the Vice-President of the Russian Federation, Tatiana Golikova, who is the head of the head of the head of control of the new coronavirus infection in the Russian Federation.
2487	74	So, for example, former Deputy Christenko for the Ministry of Industry of the Russian Federation – Andrei Reus together with Haritonin is in the board of directors “Otisifarm” from the division “Farmstandard”. And Reus, Golikova and Christenko, with a number of other persons, are the founders of the charitable foundation “Fund for the Renaissance of the Old St. Uspen Monastery”.
2487	76	Vladimir Kristenko is also the founder and president of the pharmaceutical firm “Nanolek”, which plans to produce the second vaccine – “Kovivak”. The owner of the “Nanolek” LLC is the Cyprus firm “NANOLEK HOLDING LIMITED” (NANOLEK HOLDING LIMITED), among the final controllers of which at the end of December 2020 was called the already known we Andrey Reus.
2487	78	Scandals, CPs and checks
2487	80	"In July of 2021, the newspaper ""New News"" released a photo report from the pride of the domestic science - the centre of Gamala, showing a destruction that shocked the readers. In fact, judging by the contracts of the center, he is not in trouble – a representative car for 10 million rubles, business class employees fly to Paris, Conakry and back to Moscow. And the traces of the 2013 fire in one of the buildings to remove money was not enough?"
2487	82	The fire should be stopped separately. It is like a bright illustration of the process inside the light of science.
2487	84	"From the materials of one court case it is known that the centre of Gamala with the LLC of the NPC ""Vector"" had a contract of technical maintenance and technical repair of the gas equipment of the body of the institute, as well as the building, in which the premises of the chemical laboratory are located. On 5 November and 8 November 2013, the staff of the centre of Gammala addressed complaints about the smell of gas to the contractor. The third challenge came on November 12, 2013. As follows from the materials of the same case, the employee of the undertaking company “started to check the possibility of gas leak by activating and disconnecting the burners with the help of the burner, i.e. the source of open fire” and “in the result of the indicated actions in the room – the laboratory occurred an explosion with a subsequent fire, as a result of which the room and the equipment in it completely burned, and the employees of the LLC “Vector” themselves received burns.” The fire was destroyed by the forces of the ISS."
2487	86	If in this case it is possible to say that the fault is on the contractor, then subsequent inspections showed that the Gamala Center itself is not very disciplined in terms of fire safety.
2487	88	"For example, during a check in July 2020, the headquarters of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia in Moscow found that at least “defence facilities do not meet the fire safety requirements”, and in January 2019 the same department detected violations of fire safety in other buildings. As a result, in one of the corps was prescribed to remove the gas pipes in the corridors, and the premises on a number of addresses ""to be equipped with the system of automatic fire signaling"", smoke fire alerters. It was noted that in one of the buildings “the installation of gas ballons on the evacuation routes is allowed.” The documentation also notes that “the head of the organization does not ensure the elimination of damages of thick layers of sprayed compounds, fire-protected lubrications, strawberries, layers, leaves and other fire-protected materials.”"
2487	90	There were claims to the centre of Gamala and other supervisory bodies.
2487	92	So, in November 2019, the Rospotrebnadzor administration found that in a number of laboratories “there is no division into “clean” and “infected” zones.” The Interregional Administration No. 1 of the Federal Medical and Biological Agency in the same period revealed that “after the reconstruction project of the organization of the sanitary and defence zone has not been developed, the size of the sanitary and defence zone taking into account the results of the examination of the sanitary and defence zone project, as well as natural studies of the quality of the atmospheric air, the measurements of the levels of physical exposure has not been determined, not established.” The attitude to humans also illustrates the results of the Federal Medical and Biological Agency's No. 1 management inspection from March 2020. Then they checked the performance of the duties under the act of December 2019, but, unfortunately, four months later, the legal person of the FGBU “NICEM im. The Ministry of Health of Russia has not fulfilled its duty to suspend the work in the night time of water cooling equipment: a dry gradient, a hydromodule (corpus No. 10 (building 8) with an installation under the production of the BCG vaccine), which is a source of noise that exceeds the limit-admissible levels (PDU) in the apartments of houses located in the immediate vicinity of the territory of the FGBU.
2487	94	The questions of economic activity are not as important as the main: who is purchasing the vaccine in rubles and currencies? Who has to look for answers – Haritonin with Goliath? 2488
2488	3	"So, “success”, “success” and that’s all! On February 25th, the subcontrolled Kiev regime of Ukraine began vaccination with a ""muthy"" drug from India. At least, this is what the vaccine of the Serum Institute of India is called by Ukrainian doctors and deputies. Epic with coronavaccin,"
2488	5	"So, “success”, “success” and that’s all! On February 25th, the subcontrolled Kiev regime of Ukraine began vaccination with a ""muthy"" drug from India. At least, this is what the vaccine of the Serum Institute of India is called by Ukrainian doctors and deputies."
2488	7	"“The epopey with coronavaccin, which has smoothly turned from the state/Switzerland into a mute Indian, will clearly end with criminal cases. After the change of power. And so far we can again constate the loss of subjectivity by the state of Ukraine, which, as a colony, the lobbies have pledged to purchase the vaccine through the British procurement agency Crown Agents. The purchase was organized from the former British colony in India through controlled pharmaceutical factories. According to the BBC, the third phase of the vaccine testing was to be carried out on citizens of India in February. But it was obviously decided first on the Ukrainians. Whoever will still pay for this,"" the nardep of the Supreme Council Alexander Dubinsky commented on the beginning of the vaccination in Ukraine."
2488	9	The director of the department of Odessa City Council, Elena Yakimenko, said that many medical workers had problems with health after vaccination against COVID-19 Indian vaccine Covishield.
2488	11	“February 25 vaccinated 60 medical workers... 22 vaccinated were observed a reaction in the form of a temperature rise – from 37.2 to 38.5 degrees, a deterioration of the general condition... 26 staff of the hospital for various reasons refused vaccination... The next day vaccinations were made to the staff of the city clinic No. 5 – of 67 people vaccinations were made only 27,” she said.
2488	13	To the statement of the Odessa physician, you can add information from Zaporozhya: there after receiving the vaccine Covishield, the doctor of emergency rejected the hand, the temperature increased and the consciousness spotted. They complain about health problems and other emergency workers who have given this vaccine.
2488	15	The Deputy Director of the Department of the Kharkiv OA Igor Volchenko said that about half of the medical workers who were on the list of primary vaccines refused to be vaccinated because of the low quality of the drug.
2488	17	But the doctors are not the worst. The maximum of what can be threatened by the chief doctors and officials in the event of refusal to take the vaccine that has not been tested, is the dismissal, and such practice is widespread in Ukraine. It is better to stay unemployed than to be disabled for a lifetime or to die while testing a new drug. None of the existing vaccines in the world have yet passed a full cycle of tests and cannot be considered safe.
2488	18	The situation is worse with Ukrainian militants in the zone of the United Forces Operation (OOS). Commanders are forcing the personal composition to vaccinate with the Indian vaccine, and this has already brought “blind” results. The Indian vaccine did what the defenders of the Donbass failed to do – two militants of the Armed Forces were “liquidated” by their commander and President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky... with the help of the vaccine Covishield.
2488	20	About the dangerous losses of the enemy, the press service officer of the People's Military Administration of the LNR Ivan Filipponko said:
2488	22	"""There were reasons for the concerns of soldiers in the OAS zone who expressed their refusal to be vaccinated with the drug not recommended for use by the World Health Organization. In the first three days of vaccination, two deaths were recorded."
2488	24	In the 10th separate motor peasant battalion of the 59th separate motor peasant brigade from acute heart failure died a 1995-born Soldier of Biglitz, whom the Zvorykin Combat under the threat of dismissal forced to make a vaccine, despite the disease of hypertension.
2488	26	This is the morality: if a 25-year-old Soldier of Biglitz did not go to the Donbass to kill peaceful (with) citizens, he would remain alive. No one “on a citizen” would have been forced to make a vaccine. Commanders, from whom their commanders require to fulfill the vaccination plan, can be understood: the dead soldiers of the Army are not sick and are not immediately transferred. But we are not talking about war, we are talking about vaccination.
2488	28	Collar or not Collar? This is the question!
2488	29	The vaccine is always given to a healthy person, the patient will only hurt. And the question of vaccination should not be considered in the “death from disease or vaccination” level, but in the context of “is there a risk to the health of a person who may not be sick at all?”
2488	31	Uncertainty is growing around the world about the newly made vaccines that BigPharma’s leaders put on the market without a full cycle of testing. For example, in Germany, doctors and ordinary citizens massively refuse to take the British-Swedish AstraZeneca vaccine due to dangerous post-vaccination consequences. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has refused to vaccinate AstraZeneca on the background of growing criticism of the drug.
2488	33	The American pharmaceutical company Pfizer is already able to “pronounce” its own cemetery in a thousand shoes – the victims of its unverified vaccine. The number of severe complications for the health of patients has long gone to tens of thousands.
2488	35	Under these conditions, Poland and even South Africa have refused to use the millions of doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine already purchased, and in recent weeks there have been persistent rumors that they have this vaccine to buy Ukraine.
2488	36	Most people who have already taken the vaccine did this either because of the hysterics revealed in the media or more under the employer’s pressure. And a very narrow layer of the population is vaccinated for international trips. Elite representatives are not vaccinated at all – they use immunomodulating drugs, and only if necessary.
2488	38	A number of specialists believe that vaccination against ARVI (coronavirus belongs to ARVI) is generally useless due to the high variability of the pathogen: until the time the vaccine will be ready, a completely different species will dominate. The head of Johnson & Johnson, Alex Gorsky, said in an interview with CNBC that “in the next few years people will have to be vaccinated against the coronavirus every year due to the emergence of new mutations.”
2488	40	The AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine uses the so-called vector technology and is a genetically modified virus that infects the body and carries changes in the RNA to which the immune system must respond. The same principle is based on the licensing Indian “clone” AstraZeneca – Covishield. It also infects the body and creates a threat to the life and health of the patient. a healthy patient.
2488	42	“Little Business” agent MI-6
2488	43	It is expected that 500,000 doses of Covishield vaccine will be imported to Ukraine. No one in the world has purchased this vaccine. According to the BBC, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Maldives, Seychelles, Myanmar and Nepal received the vaccine for clinical trials on their population. The first British-India vaccine (and actually a experimental drug) decided to buy in Ukraine.
2488	45	The patient rights group All India Drug Action Network believes that the approval of the vaccine could be urgent and the decision was taken before the interim studies of the effectiveness of the Covishield vaccine were completed. This means that the citizens of Ukraine are putting a global experiment in the interests of British investors of the Indian pharmaceutical company.
2488	47	The State Register of Medicines indicates that the vaccine Covishield is produced in India and delivered to Ukraine through the Greys of the Year LLC. The company was registered in Kiev only three months ago, and its statutory capital is 28 thousand SEK. Its founder is Kumar Pranaav. The main type of activity of the company is the wholesale trade of pharmaceutical goods, as well as the trade of vegetables, fruits and meat.
2488	49	Why the comedian President of Ukraine, Vladimir Zelensky, banned the licensing of Russian drugs, including immunomodulating and removing dangerous COVID-19 syndrome, but bought an unverified Indian vaccine?
2488	51	With the Russian medical product, everything is clear: the western masters of the Kiev regime will not understand such a “wrath.” But why did Zelensky not buy the AstraZeneca vaccine from the “partner” from Poland? After all, even Ukrainian Prime Minister Denis Schmygal said that “Kiev expects to purchase the AstraZeneca vaccine against the COVID-19 coronavirus from Poland in the near future.”
2488	53	The whole thing was in the last year’s visit of the head of Ukraine to the UK, after which “President” Zelensky himself told how he spent in the MI-6 office several hours, which is actually equal to the recognition in cooperation with foreign intelligence and state.
2488	55	As a real British agent in the head of the corner he puts the interests of the metropolitan, and thus the British business. This is where President Zelensky sent the money of Ukrainian taxpayers into the pockets of British investors of the Indian pharmaceutical company, “respecting” not only the manufacturer, but also the intermediaries from Albion – the British procurement agency Crown Agents. The Poles remained with the AstraZeneca that the British purchased, not because the Greek health is expensive, but because the British have already paid the Poles for the vaccine. If the vaccine is purchased from the Poles, the money will go to the Poles, and the British curators of the Ukrainian president believe that the money of the colony should be delivered only to them, therefore they “recommended” the ruling colony to buy the vaccine... too they, but in the option for the local people.
2488	56	But it is not all yet. Ukrainian health minister Maxim Stepanov wrote on his Facebook page that the same Serum Institute will put 5 million doses of the vaccine against the NovaVax coronavirus in Ukraine. In total, its purchases are expected to amount to 15 million doses. Delivery starts in July 2021.
2488	58	"It is very unfortunate that the ""beneficial"" transactions of Ukrainian politicians and British traders from BigPharma will be paid by their lives and health by ordinary citizens of Ukraine. The British well understand that “Ukrainians” are the Russians with a changed historical and worldview code, who, except for 10-15% of the “resistant” Nazi, will be able to become loyal and useful citizens of Novorussia and Russia, and therefore try to kill and make the disabled the maximum number of them. Therefore, it is important that our readers, who have relatives and friends in Ukraine, warn them of the danger of Zelensky and his British partners’ vaccines. Fear the British, the gifts of the donors!"
2489	1	Sweet, false stories of Ukrainian propaganda for evils
2489	3	This article is the answer to the questions of some commentators, wondering where in the heads of a regular Ukrainian resident so much bridgling, and doubting the mass of this phenomenon. Please, there is nothing about the few individuals you personally met to judge about the great and wise Ukrainian people. And it is not necessary to judge the whole of Ukraine according to the pearls they give. Moreover, Russian authors and publishers take these pearls from the roof.
2489	5	"No is. Not from the roof, but from the Ukrainian zombie, who strongly infuses a bradyatin into the heads of the residents of the former USSR for 33 years, starting with the ""People's Movement of Ukraine"", which since 1987 began to actively report about ""Slavic France"" and about what ""the mosquitoes have eaten our sal""."
2489	7	And today, these pearls are sounded at all not on the porochobot channels, but on the most opposition and benefiting, if we believe the surveys, of enormous authority. The information coming from the broadcasts of these television channels (ZIK, “112 Ukraine”, NewsOne), is recognized by the population of the former USSR as most true. From here and take in the mass consciousness of the citizens of Ukraine the unexisting Ukrainian greatness and the extinguished to universal scales of Ukrainian custody. It is immediately worth warning the reader that with some examples he may be familiar from my previous articles, but, as they say, the repetition is the mother of the student.
2489	9	1 First statement: “Zelensky – actor No. 1 on the territory of the CIS”. Author: Dmitry Spivak Television channels: “112 Ukraine”, NewsOne.
2489	11	The above-mentioned character has spoken this on these TV channels repeatedly (from the moment of inauguration and ending approximately in the middle of summer of 2020), just until the president-comic has begun to criticize. Again, it must be said that Spivak was simply a leading translator and expressed not only his own opinion, as it turned out. He was supported by numerous advisors, invited experts and interlocutors, answering his questions on telephone and video communications.
2489	13	"Is Green Actor No. 1 in the CIS territory? Let us understand. It is clear that in the territory of Russia the Zelensky actor No. 1 is not and has never been. But what is the “totalitarian” Russia and its satellite countries for the Eurozone? Much more important is what the world’s cultural community will say! And what? At the end of the nineties and all over the course of zero the most famous post-Soviet actors in Hollywood were Alexander Balouev, Vladimir Machkov, Oleg Taktarov and a little Levi Durov. This information is taken from numerous Los Angeles ratings. It’s not from the roof, English-speaking sites lovers can check it on their own. Leo Durov, by the way, played in the blockbuster ""The Price of Fear"" together with Ben Affleck, Morgan Freeman, Kiran Heinds and many other famous Hollywood performers, so that Vladimir Aleksandrovich to the old ""Shock"" actor still jump and jump. I’m still silent about Balouev and Machkov. But “this is...”"
2489	15	Who is given preference ratings now? There is no single post-Soviet actor-favorites, as different Hollywood editions and nearbohem tabloids reflect different points of view, but more often everyone gives preferences to Constantine Habensky, Olga Kurilenko, Daniel Kozlovsky and the deceased Anton Yelchin. We agree that the conditional Ukrainians Mila Kunis and Mila Yovovich must initially be left in peace, like, however, Yeltsin. Personally I don’t think Yelchin is a Russian actor, he moved to the West at a fairly early age and naturalized. Kurilenko is also a citizen of France, little of that, she publicly rejected the Ukrainian roots, stating that it flows primarily Russian and Polish blood. But it’s not about that, dear readers. As we can see, no Zelensky at the top of numerous Hollywood ratings, which reflect the most famous actors of the former USSR, has and has never been. This is proved by numerous publications in Western media, which wrote that the president was an Ukrainian comedian. Do you feel the difference? Not a very famous actor, not a world-famous actor, but just an Ukrainian comedian. You can put a point on this.
2489	17	The verdict is a narrow and naked thing that has nothing to do with reality.
2489	19	2nd The second statement: “Ukrainian Cinematographer – Cinematographer No. 1 on the territory of CIS countries”. Author: Dmitry Spivak Television channels: “112 Ukraine”, NewsOne.
2489	21	"It is all over. It is worth noting that the author of this statement clearly meant the film production, filmed with the participation of ""95th quarter"" and personally Zelensky. Mol, this automatically makes these comedy films the best in the spaces of the former USSR. I will anger him. It is little that no one film was made in Ukraine that would be broadly shown in the western procat. It is also shown that the most cashed Ukrainian films were created in cooperation with the country-aggressor. And Russian films and cartoons show around the world, even those that came out after 2014, when the whole world, according to the convictions of the acquaintances, was “along with Ukraine.”"
2489	23	"These are cartoons such as ""Masha and the Bear"" and ""Mixers"", T-34 films, Major series and many other projects. And this year Netflix will broadcast on its portal the Russian series ""Epidemia"" in the original, without adaptation. Yes, our far to the rental figures of foreign competitors, and the quality of the film product must be uncertainly pulled out, get rid of the ""film key"" of the Russian variety, but yet our product in world ratings is uncertainly quoted above that trish that Ukraine produces."
2489	25	Cash is interesting. For the year 2019 on the territory of Russia, domestic paintings only in the cinemas collected 12.3 billion rubles, at that time $183 million, to this figure it is necessary to add $52.4 million of cash fees abroad. Also, it is necessary to add 17.1 billion rubles, which were earned by online theaters, of which 68 percent - regular subscription and a single purchase of the Russian product, which is another $173 million. In total, we receive $408 million. Very weak for such a country, one cash film from the U.S. at once will overflow.
2489	27	What about Ukraine? Cash fees of domestic cinema in Ukraine and abroad in 2019 amounted to $7.9 million. It is worth adding about 5.6 million income from Ukrainian internet platforms from subscription and a single paid view of the Ukrainian film product. $13.5 million for the entire year 2019. If in Russia it is the bottom, then in Ukraine it is the bottom.
2489	29	Verdict: the statements about the great Ukrainian cinema are the same glorious as about the actor No. 1.
2489	31	Three The third statement: “95 quarters” is the most well-known and successful humorist project on the territory of the CIS. Author: Dmitry Spivak Television channels: “112 Ukraine”, NewsOne.
2489	33	"Yes of course! Please forgive, and where do you share the “Camidi Club”? They are both in popularity and money ahead of a well-known but still localized Ukrainian project called ""95 quarters"", the revenue of which is approximately $10 million a year, according to the statements of Yevgeny Chervonenko, Andrei Bogdan and many other persons closer to Ben Kolomaysky. I'm not a fan of the ""Camedi Clubs"", but they're constantly traveling to Western Europe and the United States, and they have more spin projects than the ""quartals"". And this means that both the money and popularity in the desirable West, and not only in the territory of the CIS, the Russian humorist project is also clearly higher. According to the ""Kommersant"" newspaper, in 2013, the brand's revenue exceeded $90 million, and at the time of 2019, the show business experts estimate it to approximately $230 million a year. This is due to the fact that the brand has a lot of very profitable spin projects, which I mentioned above."
2489	35	I have the question: may, under fame and popularity, the Ukrainian “political diet” means something else, except the annual income and popularity abroad?
2489	37	The judgment is the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same.
2489	39	4. The fourth statement is: “Ukraine, thanks to a holding company like Ukrland Farming, is an unconditional leader in the Eastern European market for the production of chicken eggs.” Author: Dmitry Spivak The television channel “112 Ukraine”.
2489	41	I have already understood that claim. It should be noted that in the world ranking on the production of chicken eggs, Russia is sixth, and Ukraine is not even in the first ten. And, contrary to the opinion of some “Ukrainian” commentators, your obedient servant does not walk and specifically Ukrainian prisoners do not ask, these questions arise spontaneously.
2489	43	Where did this come from? I answer. Sometimes in the early spring of 2020, I and several other engineering and technical workers were charged for the purchase of products (the money and gastronomy needs to be controlled, or little) together with Ukrainian rabbits who wanted to prepare the providence themselves. We had to get to the department where the chicken eggs were exhibited, because our caregivers were hardly arrested there. They were looking for eggs of Ukrainian origin. At my question, “What do Ukrainian eggs do here?” they answered, “And how, Ukraine is the first to produce eggs, all Russians eat Ukrainian eggs.”
2489	45	I do not exaggerate anything. I asked him why they decided so. Aga, the broadcast of “Fish Day” with Dmitry Spivak on the television channel “112 Ukraine”, everything is clear.
2489	47	"Verdict: an open lies called to give a political colour to the “invasion” of the NABU, and in fact the Americans, to the Bahmatyuk holding. The objective of the ""Nazda"" was to form a holding board with foreign participation. For the experts and the tempted audience, of course, it is clear that it is behind all this, but a persian Ukrainian one believes in this cushion."
2489	49	5 Fifth statement: “Ukrainian IT industry – the most advanced on the territory of the CIS countries” Author – Yevgeny Červonenko. The television channel “112 Ukraine”.
2489	51	"For those who don’t know, Chervonenko – the former transport minister of the “Orange Flow” and co-author Yushchenko at the first Majdan of 2004. Russian-speaking, but, despite this, praises the orange revolution, Yushchenko and Yuli (although it seems impossible to praise both of them at the same time), praises the links in Europe and the United States and is constantly using foreign economic terminology (which literally expresses many economic terms with a specialized Russian translation into English) from positioning himself as a western-oriented ""effective manager""."
2489	53	"Recently, he pointed out another pearl, saying that together with the Crimea, Ukraine ""salled"" the most combatable unit of the Air Force. It is also cool that, though by habit, “the most combatable unit on the territory of the CIS” did not say. He’s generally about something “precedent” that is supposed to be produced in Ukraine, thinning constantly."
2489	55	"On October 15, 2020 on the television channel ""112 Ukraine"" stated that Ukraine produces the best in the world (grow, however, one CIS is already little!) missile guidance systems. Where are the balls? But let’s go back to the IT industry."
2489	57	In Chinese and U.S. ratings, the Russian IT industry occupies the third place, after the U.S. and China respectively. The hinduists publish their rankings, where Russia is fourth in the world, after the United States, India and China respectively.
2489	59	Ukraine and Belarus, which have become big IT states after developing a small number of fairly successful game projects, I have not found in these ratings that reflect the first ten. Only the Hacker-Rank site put Ukraine on the 11th place, as in its 2016 ranking published the top 11 countries.
2489	61	In one of my spring articles I only made a partial comparison with Ukraine. Why partial? Because in Russia there is a full-fledged IT industry, although not sufficiently developed, and in Ukraine there is no. There is only its sector, represented by 150,000 programmers working for foreign companies and receiving wages from abroad.
2489	63	But the Americans question these Ukrainian data. They claim that 150,000 – Ukrainian citizens, calling themselves programmer, of whom only 80,000 people are actually engaged in foreign special projects.
2489	65	Their annual salary, sent by foreign companies to the Netherlands territory, is $4 billion, according to Ukrainian expert Viktor Skarshevsky.
2489	67	In Russia, there are very few freelancers who receive pay from abroad directly. Basically, these are quite large firms engaged in the development and subsequent accompaniment (updates, patches) of antivirus, software for engineering, software for the space industry, software for combat machines and military equipment, software for processing industries, software for oil and gas producing companies, software for power plants of all types and so on.
2489	69	It should also be noted that the Russian software occupies 65 percent of the world market of marine navigation software, despite the existing GPS domination over GLONASS.
2489	71	The total revenue of this segment of the Russian IT industry reaches $22 billion a year. But that’s not all yet.
2489	73	In Russia there is also a production segment of the IT industry. Russia produces microprocessors, microschems, many packaging for Korean and Chinese smartphones, screen glass for smartphones and much more. That is, the finished product, right now on the subcommittee. We still work and work, but all the above-mentioned Russian products of the IT industry are finished products with high added value, not just wages.
2489	75	According to foreign experts, the annual revenue of the Russian IT industry reaches 4.7 percent. the Russian GDP. Compare yourself and compare to the poor Ukrainian income. Yes, we have no asset of three or four successful video games, Russia has just another specialization, but the scale is not in the example above.
2489	77	Verdict: statements about the Ukrainian IT industry – a full brade, from which the cracks in the head praise standing.
2489	79	6. “Ukraine is the only one among the CIS countries where the full cycle of aviation with unique aviation technologies has been preserved.” Author: Yevgeny Červenenko. The television channel “112 Ukraine”.
2489	81	As for the unique aviation technologies I agree, as for the full cycle – the brade the fullest, they did not even possess the USSR, up to 62 percent of the complexes for the aviation plants which were supplied by the RSFSR, the Uzbek SSR, the BSSR and the Kazakh SSR. The same trend continued during the period of non-compliance, only the supplies from Uzbekistan, which, together with the Tashkent factory, lost competence in the manufacturing of components, stopped.
2489	83	Helicopter production will not be compared, because no matter what, in Ukraine with this in general acid, and in Russia in average is produced, if you believe Wikipedia, 200 transport and combat helicopters per year only for the needs of the Ministry of Defense.
2489	85	"Since 2015, Ukraine has not produced a single aircraft, neither military nor civil, due to the lack of Russian components, and the cliques, broadcasting from authoritative channels, “volate” about the air-building leadership of the Nankis in the post-Soviet space. Here are the brains of Ukrainian gastrobaters when they read in the news tape ""Alternative"" about the 202th manufactured aircraft ""Suchy Superjet-100""."
2489	87	This is just one model!
2489	89	But stand, you have a war with the “aggressor,” it’s probably as hard for him? Anne is not. “Agressor” has since 2014 produced 208 civic aircraft only, including the models of “Sucho”, several pieces of “MS-21”, “Illushina” and “Tupolev”. Now the cheese on the cake! This number does not include small aircraft.
2489	91	Well, where is the “full cycle” and the Ukrainian “leadership in the post-Soviet space”?
2489	93	I repeat again, I, like many Russians, do not provoke this discussion. The kidnappers read the news tape, get angry and begin to prove to the Russians that Ukrainian aircraft are better. You ask, mol, and where are they, Ukrainian aircraft? How to? He, “Maria” is flying. And all? No more? This is what the Russians are ending.
2489	95	Verdict: all the talks about the leadership of the Ukrainian aviation – the brad of the gray cobra, but the absolute majority of Ukrainian citizens believe in this brad.
2489	97	7 The seventh statement: “Anatoliy Shary – political blogger No. 1 in Ukraine and the CIS countries.” Author – Party of Sharia, which firmed this statement on the agitation booklet.
2489	99	No, they don’t joke. You can see the photo booklet on the internet, over this claim even Tatiana Montyan managed to step up and the photo of this booklet itself attached. Sharia has 2.39 million subscribers on YouTube. Yuri Duda has 7.8 million subscribers on YouTube and 13.57 million subscribers on social networks. And Nicholas Soboleva with his 5.18 million subscribers on YouTube you, pardon, where do you share? And Sasha Spielberg, who really takes an interview from the owners of high cabinets, really takes part in political debates and took part in parliamentary hearing, where? It has 6.5 million subscribers on YouTube, among other things. The reader will say they are opposition and pro-West, and he will be right. I am also not a fan of the ideas that they carry in the masses. But the fact remains a fact, Sharia's popularity in the CIS spaces is far from them, in addition, it is also pro-Western: it regularly tells in its blogs about European legislation, puts it as an example and in this Europe itself to live outsourced.
2489	101	Verdict: Voples about the Ukrainian blogger No. 1 – a remarkable attempt to picture “the globe of Ukraine”.
2489	103	8. “In Belarus, like in part in Ukraine, unlike other CIS countries, the Semashko system still works.” Author: Elena Bondarenko, Dmitry Spivak, Yevgeny Červonenko. Television channels: “112 Ukraine”, NewsOne.
2489	105	These sentences of the spring period were called to black Russia as a rejected country, and to raise Belarus and Ukraine. I will remind the reader that in the period from March to May, the great Belarusian bulbohetman refused to introduce quarantine and intended to fight coronavirus through a vodka and a tractor, and in Ukraine the daily number of infected citizens was almost ten times less than in Russia.
2489	107	"The experts understood that all this is because the number of daily tests in Ukraine was three dozen times less than in Russia, but this is a clear thing, a silence. It was a thought that in Russia medicine is broken down and ""Rashka"" will be the first to ask for a vaccine from the West or China on his knees. Now, I hope, do you understand where the feet of that skepticism are growing about the fact that Russia has developed the most effective vaccine?"
2489	109	"Later – more. Failing to believe in the second wave of the pandemic ""Covid-Dissident"", as she calls herself, Rusophobic Elena Bondarenko in several interviews browse by constantly communicating with Ukrainian virologists and epidemiologists, insisting that they are the best in all the post-Soviet space. It was another stone in our countryside, which was to show all the departure of Russian doctors and scientists and the uselessness of their puzzles in the plan of developing the vaccine. Yes, it does not directly say that, but the subtext is obvious. But now the time has passed, the wheel of genocide with the crust has been checked and the entire Ukrainian media and expert pseudobomond has been stumbled in disputes regarding the possibility and usefulness (and how does it be?) Supply of Russian vaccines to Ukraine."
2489	111	The worthy physician, scientist and great intelligent (without jokes) cardiovirurg Boris Todurov, speaking for the purchase of the Russian vaccine by Ukraine, surprised by the Ukrainian media and expert community from television screens was forced to explain that these Russian pharmacological, virological and bacteriological schools are the most powerful in the world, and no Ukrainian. And that the Ukrainian figure in the number of sick per capita has long exceeded the Russian, and that given that they do 200 thousand tests a week, according to the Minister of Health of Ukraine Stepanov, and Russia - about 2.5 million.
2489	113	But you need to add a teaspoon of dirt to a bottle of honey. The first was caused by a pro-European call that works in the turn of the face in the Brussels-financed and controlled “Strana.ua” edition, Olesya Medvedev. Yes, dear some commentators who fall in the defense of this person, don’t hope, I’ll call things with their names. Yes, I agree, regular reporters and journalists may, and don’t know, who he works and whose will is performed by the chief editor of Gujva, who lives in Europe, and his untouchable deputy Svetlana Krukova. This is doubtful, for all the media of Ukraine know about it. The main trend of this edition is the angry confrontation with the Washington shakes of the Ukrainian flood in the Ukrosmi and the regular laughing and questioning (in the event of impossibility - silence) even the smallest Russian successes on any front.
2489	115	From Medvedev it was delivered even to Gazprom, who “read out of SP-2”, “goodly entered the oil war” and so on. But the time has passed, it turns out that the leadership of the oil and gas giant is heavily and patiently conducting the policy regarding the construction of the pipeline, and the Russian TEC has confidently and without tension won the oil war. Where is the video about all this? And I have forgotten: if it is impossible to laugh and question, then it is necessary to silence this fact. Let’s go back to the vaccine.
2489	117	Medvedev said in a recent video that Russia lacks the capacity to produce the vaccine. It was immediately joined by the politiologist of the stimpankovsky and rocker flood Vadim Karasov (or - Karasov?He supported this statement and added that Russia needs additional factories to be built. Specifically for these impeccils, I tell you that starting January 1, 2021, mass production will begin at least at 430 of the 480 companies capable of producing this vaccine. At least such plans are spoken by the Ministry of Agriculture.
2489	119	At 430, Karl! Oh, Karasov, who is the factory to build? Maybe you are yellow-black?
2489	121	According to the same Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which Denis Manturov said in one of the interviews, from January 2021 Russia will produce 15 million doses per month during the first three months. And from April, production will increase twice, and more than a billion doses will be produced by the end of the year.
2489	123	To confirm these words I can bring the statement of Putin, who said that by August 2021 70 percent of the population of Russia, about 103 million, will be vaccinated. That is, by August 2021, Russia will only produce more than 200 million doses for its needs, since vaccination is needed twice.
2489	125	To say, in Russia there are more than a dozen factories that can and will produce more than one and a half million doses of vaccine a month, and the entire factory will be activated, I repeat, at least 430. Of this 1 billion doses about 400 million Russia will send for its needs (300 million for vaccination, because vaccination, I repeat, needs twice, and 100 - in reserve) and about 300 - to the CIS countries that gave applications. India is starting its production, but 100 million will still be purchased from Russia. Brazil will also expand its production, but 50 million will also buy. China will satisfy its needs by itself. The remaining will be distributed to all the other countries that have submitted the application.
2489	127	"Oh, the Ukrainian sub-experts of Karasev and Medvedev, who does not have enough power there? Yes, we are not going to save the whole world, let the bright West you worship participate in its salvation. Have you noticed that Manturov in no way announced the construction of pharmacological factories? Because the power is sufficient, despite the power of the ""CEO"" to mislead the production and scientific successes of Russia."
2489	129	Do you know what’s more funny? They first laughed Russian scientists, then the Russian vaccine itself, then the Russian pharmacological production, but they will surely be vaccinated with the Russian vaccine. The wheel of genocide is...
2489	131	The verdict is another lie called to humiliate Russian medicine and science, as well as its inaccessible superiority over the Ukrainian ruins of the Soviet heritage.
2489	133	Again I want to repeat to the readers, especially to the adjects of the opinion that hatred of Russia and denial of its successes among Ukrainian, and also Belarusian gastronomists, cases are single, this is far from wrong.
2489	135	"Rostislav Ischenko recently said in the ""Direct Broadcast with Rostislav Ischenko"" from October 14, 2020, which was broadcast by the internet edition ""Ukraina.ru"", directly (24th minute): most Ukrainian citizens believe that Russia is a big Ukraine, only there everything is much worse. I agree with him."
2489	137	Do you want more examples? well. What do you like: “Ukraine – the leader on the territory of the CIS in the production of sweets”, “Ukraine – the fifth shipping power in the world”? This is from the recent. They place themselves on the fifth place in shipbuilding after the United States, Britain, France and South Korea, no Russia there. And the real situation for 2020 is the following: in the first place South Korea, in the second - Russia, and in the third - China. There is no Ukraine there.
2489	139	Examples of such schizophrenia are a large number, not that for an article, for a scientific dissertation is enough. And to all the skeptics who think that this is only I encounter on some buildings the unique cases of Ukrainian massive interference, I answer: you are mistaken.
2489	141	Through me for all the years of my work passed a lot of hosts from Ukraine and Belarus, with such schizophrenia pearls they issued before Maidan. For the first time I heard such things at the reconstruction of the oil processing complex in Tobolsk in 2011. Again, construction in Russia – the field of activity is very narrow, I communicate with many contractors who have the same symptoms with their acquainted supporters. And Ukrainian hosts, who work in Crimea by taxis, do you know what heights of schizophrenia they gain? The same.
2489	143	"Do you want a little fresh? About chicken eggs you’ve read above, now I’m telling you the “legend of vinic cheese.” Sometimes in the summer on a television show at Soloviev, the unforgettable Vasil Vakarov, who recently pointed out with a pearl about the ""peremogue of ""Naftogaz"" over ""Gazprom"", said that under many Belarusian and some Russian labels on the Russian slopes is hidden the famous vinic cheese. Well, you’ve all probably heard the legend of the “big Ukrainian milk”, the product of which after the victory of Maidan the acquaintances were going to overthrow the whole Europe?"
2489	145	Oh, they have fallen. Believing this statement, my acquainted supporters began to look for vinic cheese on the Russian folders of large networks. Of course, they did not find and, as it goes, they began to claim that it actually exists there, only under Russian and Belarusian labels.
2489	147	"The next time they went to the store, I caught them to the hole. The prices there varied from 280 to 450 rubles per kilogram of cheese. I understand that these are Russian and Belarusian products. I explained to the Ukrainians in two minutes that it is in this store that there is no vinic cheese and it cannot be. He entered the internet from the phone, entered the Ukrainian website zakupki.com.ua, which reflects the prices of Ukrainian large retailers. He long sought vinic cheese, more and more found Lviv and Radomish, but found it. The cheapest was £215 per kilogram. If it is delivered to Russia, then through Belarus, which is a price of 60 per cent at least, if you believe the knowledge of the people who say that the Belarusian and Russian purchases are 30 per cent, it is still without taking into account the margin of the Russian retailer. That is, we multiply 215 by 1.6 and multiply by 2.7 (the course of the ruble in relation to the crude) and we get 928 rubles per kilogram, plus-minus half. Well, according to the census, I explained to the acquaintances that there is no vinic cheese on this slope. Is he present in Russia? Of course, it is present, but in small amounts and only on the reels of specialized cheese stores, which are visited by gourmets with bull pockets. In these same stores you can find Swiss, Dutch, Italian and French cheese, and not only Ukrainian vinicke. This is the lawful end of the legend ""on the vinic cheese that every Russians eat."""
2489	149	You’ll ask, and where did they have such a sumber in their heads? I answer. They are far from stupid people, simply they can no longer distinguish the true information from the alleged fake, since in thirty-three years the ukro-propaganders were almost absorbed by the Ukrainian charity and massively infected with the mania of greatness.
2489	151	From many conversations I have taken out one thing: the information brought from the channels of Poroshenko, Ahmedov and Kolomaysky, they clearly consider propaganda and mostly do not believe it. And the conditional opposition channels and the conditional opposition internet publications and bloggers believe unconditionally.
2489	153	For example, on the opposition channel a former minister speaks and says pleasant things for Ukraine that its IT sector is the most developed in the post-Soviet space. The channel seems to be opposition, it is not to say who, but the former minister, how can’t we believe? Conditionally opposition internet editions (in fact pro-European) report not less pleasant things: that the Russians don’t have everything as well as they write. That Russian scientists are more stupid than Ukrainian scientists, and if even more intelligent, the vaccine is still not developed, and if they are developed, they do not have enough capacities for production, and if enough, they have not yet invented. How can we not believe in such pleasant facts spoken by the opposition online publications?
2489	155	"We go further. They not only read the news tape ""Alternatives"", but they also watch ""The Evening with Vladimir Soloviev"" and the facts that they learn from these sources are uncertainly true. I’ll tell you more: the inhabitants of Western Ukraine look at “The Evening with Vladimir Soloviev” and mostly believe the information they get from there. What do they see? At the prestigious square does not speak to anyone, but Vasil Vakarov, a former high-ranking official, and claims that almost on every Russian square there is vinic cheese. Well, it would be their brains, of course, to move and understand that even a total Ukrainian manufacturer is not able to saturate the entire Russian market, and not what Vinnica. It’s from the same opera as the claim that “Belarusia feeds all Russia.” Yes, not true, but pleasant."
2489	157	Do you want to tell them the truth? Is it true that Ukraine is the leader on the territory of the CIS in reducing GDP? After all, their GDP as of 1991 in comparable figures was $353 billion, and now - a little more than 100. This is not me, but the World Bank.
2489	159	Maybe you want to tell them that Ukraine is the unconditional leader in depopulation in absolute numbers on the territory of the CIS? Their population was 52 million, and now 37, if I believe in Dubility, and personally I, like some Ukrainian experts, believe that not more than 25. These conclusions are made on the basis of reduced consumption of meat, milk, bread, tea and sugar.
2489	161	Per you want to tell them that their country is an absolute deindustrialization champion in the CIS territory, overcome by the number of closed and rolled metal plants to Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania together taken?
2489	163	They do not need such a truth, as they do not need the truth that Russia has paid for its current very relative well-being and some successes with hard work, deprivation and several local conflicts. They do not need that. They need to make a shell, and ready! The country is in chocolate, they are in chocolate, the rejected mosquitoes are jealous. They and in the presidential elections not against Poroshenko, but for this very “chalk” that Zelensky promised to them, voted. Every time they wait, nothing shakes, they vote for a new candidate, which promises them the same “shake.”
2489	165	How can a new candidate attract the Ukrainian electorate? It is true, stories about the Ukrainian greatness and the Russian departure. And when the candidate becomes recognizable, you can also start talking about this same “chalk” again. And they will believe because they want to believe that success can be achieved without doing anything. And then, how can we not believe a respected man who stands on the conditionally opposition sites? He says so good and pleasant things!
2489	167	All this Achinea, which I have brought in eight examples, is not yet the top of the iceberg, and so, it’s just preparation for local elections. What a labyrinth about the Russian retreat and Ukrainian greatness will fall out of all the shots when they go to extraordinary parliamentary elections, it is terrible to present. Will the Ukrainians believe? They will be. Then, together with the rest of the heresy, the promise of the next “chalk” will be distributed to the right and to the left. Please, vote for me, dear Terpilo Baklanchenko, do not doubt! I'm after the victory like a stick with my fingers, so you will immediately be in Ukraine Switzerland, you don't have to work hard for this, develop the country, you just have to vote for me and our party! We will live well, we will be counted in the West, and the “moscals” from jealousy all to one will be green. And next to the new: a further deterioration of the level of life, disappointment, a new messy, the promise of the “check”, and all this is accompanied by stories about the Ukrainian greatness. Here is a brief illustration of the electoral cycle of the project “Ukraine”.
2489	169	What to do? You have already been told, Terpilo Baklanchenko, put a gallon! put it? For us? Well, walk from here, walk with the collars, don't delay the rest of the lottery!
249	3	"Latvian Minister of Foreign Affairs Edgar Rinkević has recently explained the importance of expanding the North Atlantic Alliance: “Where NATO, there is peace.” The message is addressed, primarily to those who still doubt that the expansion of the military block is the right solution. Does NATO really bring peace to the world? Let’s take an example of the Operation of the Alliance “The Allied Defender” (21.03.2011 – 31.10.2011), carried out for the “defense of civil population” covered by the Civil War of Libya. The large-scale active military intervention of NATO forces broke the course of the war and the armed troops of the revolutionaries in a short time captured most of the country. On October 23, 2011, the unchanged leader of the Libyan Jamahiri, Muammar Kaddafi, was killed and the Transitional National Council announced the ""libian liberation and the end of the war."" A happy end. The bloody tyrant is shattered, the forces of good are returning home, the free Libyan people are walking wide steps to the bright tomorrow. What do we know about Libya today? Most of them are equal. It’s not surprising, because the information agenda spreads with other, more relevant topics – LGBTQ+, BLM, Ukraine... to whom what’s going on, what’s going on in a far African country, after setting there order. Let’s see which country of the future was built by the liberated NATO Libyan. Compared to 2010, the country’s GDP per capita decreased more than twice. If previously Libya was on the 60th place in this index, then in 2019 - already on the 120th ($4800). The large-scale irrigation project ""Great Handmade River"", thanks to which the desert was transformed into a flower garden and the problem of the lack of fresh water was solved, destroyed, agriculture was undermined, industry was abandoned, the administrative infrastructure of the state was destroyed, foreign experts left home, oil and gas mining fell 10 times. On March 6, 2012, Kirenaika, the oil-richest region in Libya, announced the creation of autonomy, as it no longer wants to “food” the whole country. According to the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations in the period from 2010 to 2020, the total mortality rate in the country increased by 20% compared to the previous years from 136,000 to 168,000 people per year (only directly during the Civil War, according to indicative estimates, about 50,000 people died, including victims among the civilian population, more than 30,000 Libyan missing). There is no more Libyan people as such. The country is divided into de facto independent regions controlled by armed groups that continue to fight for political influence and economic independence. Terrorism and banditism have flourished in the country, and attacks on civilians occur every day. So, only in the first year after the Kaddafi murder, a lavinely-like crime growth was recorded – the number of murders in 2012 compared to 2011 increased by 503%, the number of theft increased by 448%. The revenue from the sale of oil and gas, the captured field commanders and radical Islamists spend on the purchase of weapons and training of militants from all over the world. It should not be forgotten that for a long time the Libyan Jamaica has been an important barrier to the way of refugees from third world countries. Gaddafi controlled and overturned illegal migration flows. Since 2011, hundreds of thousands of migrants have flown to Europe, creating an unprecedented crisis. Solving the problem in its root, creating financial and economic motivation for the return of migrants from Chad or Niger to their homeland, is not realistic in the coming years. Moreover, in the predictive future, migration flows from southern Sahara, especially Nigeria and Somalia, where the food situation is rapidly deteriorating due to war and climate change, forcing people to flee for survival. As a result of a series of armed conflicts that took place from 2011 to 2020, now in Libya actually two struggling prime ministers: one is appointed by parliament, the other is headed by a government recognized by the United Nations. The country, suddenly, is at the threshold of a new civil war. Where is NATO, there is peace?"
2490	3	The liberation of Ukraine from the marionetic neonazist regime does not actually be limited exclusively to military actions. This is a powerful turning event in the history of Russia itself, which means its final return to the status of a great power and the initiation of the process of internal transformations, as a result of which very soon we will see a completely different country – fully self-sufficient and independent from the West.
2490	5	The economic sanctions of the West are as necessary for the creation of sovereignty of the Russian civilization as well as the removal of the actual NATO borders from Belgorod to the Carpathians, which is achieved only by military operation, since the West has no longer left Russia another choice. Our country was in a desperate position – strategically completely similar to when the enemy in December 1941 stood under Moscow. The western border of the Russian Federation is actually on the borders of Russia of the times of Ivan III, and in the conditions of modern war this means almost defence of Moscow even without the use of nuclear weapons. In this situation, every kilometre of movement to the west of the territory actually controlled by NATO is extremely important.
2490	7	If in military terms the operation in Ukraine has the same importance as the counter-attack under Moscow in 1941, then it is not less important on other fronts – economic, ideological and national. No other way it was impossible to force the Russian economic elite to become the national elite and stop the withdrawal of capital abroad. Now the West itself will do so even without the participation of our state. And no other way it was impossible to complete the import replacement processes in the major industries – but the sanctions will force it to do so. The President of Russia and his team found a genius way to complete the sovereignty of Russia with the hands of the West itself, who is the most afraid of this sovereignty. To force the enemy to fight against himself is the ultimate achievement of the strategy. The main loss of the West from the sanctions it imposes against Russia is measured not in dollars and euros, but in a much more valuable substance – in the loss of its political and economic pressures on Russia.
2490	9	Based on this, the operation in Ukraine has the character of the Patriotic War – even though it is far in scale (fortunately) from the patriotic wars that Russia had to conduct before, but its strategic and historical meaning is exactly that. This fact should be put into the foundation of a public discussion about contemporary events. As it should be expected, the public space is now filled with the streams of rusophobic lies and foolishness, which only the official position of Russia is opposed. In the public space, the algorithm of the destruction of the rusophobic lies has not yet been developed. It is easy to destroy a lie in specific situations, but this is not enough – it is necessary to destroy its foundation itself. Just as before the attack of the ground troops the missile troops and aviation destroyed the military bases and infrastructure, the same was necessary in the public sphere to immediately destroy the arguments of the so-called “anti-war actions.” The simplest and most effective argument against them is: “Russia leads a war for its own existence – a patriotic war. “Therefore, everyone who is against this war is against Russia, is its enemy and traitor.” What would happen to those who would come out with the slogan “No War!” during the Great Patriotic War? The question is rhetorical.
2490	11	The second argument. In Ukraine, Russia does not conduct war against this country, but is conducting a liberation operation – just as in 1945 the Russian army took Berlin not to capture Germany, but to destroy Nazism. With the same goal, the Russian army will take Kiev in 2022. Unfortunately, at the moment, not only among the obvious Rusophobes, but also among some “patriot” there are very naive people who also demand “to start negotiations as quickly as possible”, “to avoid blood flowing.” These infantiles should be strongly explained that in order to never really flow blood again, it is necessary to take Kiev and force the Nazis to capitulate. And if this is not done, then not only the heroic ones who are now fighting will die, but then the war will inevitably resume and the blood will flow much more. Blessed are the peace makers: but the peace makers are those who destroy the source of war, not those who betrayally blows them in the back. Peacekeepers are those who attack Kiev, not the hypocrite back rats whispering “No War”. When Ukraine destroyed the Donbass in 2014, they were on its side.
2490	13	This is the third, national aspect of the war. The domestic wars of Russia led to the enormous rise of national self-consciousness and the consolidation of the people. The same will happen this time, even despite the much more modest scale of what is happening. But they were quite enough to dissolve the rusophobic puzzle and as much as possible to illuminate the enemy of Russia within the country. Of course, there will be no “repressions” against them, but they’ve put the clay of the defeats on themselves forever and will never forget it. This is a huge step towards cleansing the Russian cultural, information and educational space from the obvious and hidden enemies of Russia. However, in this matter we cannot only hope on the state, but we should actively demonstrate a civil initiative – to create public organizations that would record all who ideologically supported the enemy and plunged in the back of the Russian army during the new domestic war. It is not permissible that these people continue to “wash the brain” of the people, occupying almost all the information and cultural space of Russia.
2490	15	"The events that are taking place consolidate the people not only within Russia itself, by carrying out a clear water separation between the authentic patriots of Russia and the ""Nerussia of Oakyan"" ( regardless of their nationality). This section had already occurred in 2014, but now it has become even more clear and deep. The consolidation has now gone beyond Russia and has actually divided the entire global world into our friends and enemies. Even in the West there were many adequate people who understand the reasons for Russia’s actions. But beyond the collective West, almost the whole world is actually on the side of Russia, as it struggles for the common matter of the destruction of the world dictatorship of the West and the construction of a fair world order."
2490	17	For the Orthodox people, this Fourth Patriotic War has a very certain religious and even eschatological meaning. I am personally concerned with V. Putin, but objectively, that is, in accordance with the Orthodox understanding of history, Russia V.V. Putin is currently fighting the apostasian civilization of the antichrist, defending the existence of the Catechon, the “reservoir” which Russia is at the moment. And no matter how far from the Church the majority of the people in modern Russia was due to the Bolshevik yoga of the twentieth century, but it is quite obvious that Russia as a state at this moment has remained the last defense of Orthodoxy in the modern world. Without Russia, the rest of the Orthodox world is unprotected and condemned to rapid death, which has already begun in the form of the Bartholomew's division. The current operation also has the direct meaning of the Russian reconcist – the rescue of the Kyiv metropolitan from the delay of its division and the fall from the Orthodoxy.
2490	19	In his time, Vladimir Putin’s article “About the historic unity of the Russians and Ukrainians” appeared unexpectedly and immediately caused many to lose in guess – what exactly the future strategic projects and solutions in foreign and internal politics it predicts? In the light of the events it became clear. It is worth remembering that the thesis that “Russian and Ukrainian are one people” on the official level did not sound for more than 100 years. Before the events of 1917 in Russian and world classical science (historography, ethnography, linguistics, etc.) It was an acciotic position that the Russian people consisted of three ethnic groups – the great Russians, the little Russians and the Belarusians. The differences between them are ethnic and not national. It is on a scientific basis, not on an ideological basis. The ideology came in the twentieth century and found itself a scientific approach to this topic. The Bolsheviks created the ideology of “three brother peoples”, and the Ukrainian nationalists (“Mazepins” as they were called a hundred years ago) insisted to their adjects that they were not only “brother” but initially hostile peoples. But in both these cases there was a deviation from the centuries-old consciousness of the unity of the Russian people.
2490	21	For comparison, it is also worth reminding that 100 years ago on the land of major European countries lived peoples who almost did not understand each other’s language, but thanks to a very strict asmillatory policy we now have practically homogeneous in language terms of the masses of Germans, French, British, Italian, etc. But 100 years ago the languages of the Bavarians and the Saxons differed much more from the minor-Russian and the great-Russian dialects of the Russian language, and for example, the majority of the inhabitants of Italy then didn’t understand the Italian literary language at all, etc. Thus, the processes in Europe and in Russia in the twentieth century flowed in opposite directions – unification in Europe and artificial ethnic division in Russia, as a result of which the “Ukrainians” and “Belarusians” were constructed, and the Russians began to be considered only the great Russians. But according to European standards, “Ukrainians” and “Belarusians” are non-sens.
2490	23	At this moment in Ukraine began social chaos, the escape of the “elite” and real powerlessness. The “suppressed” nationalists rely on a certain portion of the population, which although is a minority in the country, however is very active, aggressive and consolidated. In addition, many of them have experience of punitive operations in the Donbass. In this situation, after the re-establishment of the new state on the territory of Ukraine will be necessary a special policy of denification of the country, which should be carried out at the level of the state program.
2490	25	There is a precious precedent of denification in postwar Germany. In its eastern part, which was under the control of the USSR, it passed in a harder form than in the western, which later became called Germany. However, in both cases this process was quite painless and was not accompanied by mass repression. The punishments of Nazi criminals were “pointed” only on the basis of judicial investigations, and the majority of the population was not affected at all, although it was formally possible to believe that all cooperated with the Nazi regime without exception. Thanks to this accurate policy, the denification process was carried out quickly and effectively. An important role in it was also played by a new legislation that banned Nazi organizations and the propaganda of their ideology. The same thing will be necessary to do in Ukraine, taking into account the fact that many of the Ukronazists will try to mask themselves under very neutral political “wings”.
2490	27	The second aspect consists in working with the mass consciousness, which many years ago was subjected to massive Nazi propaganda. A very similar situation is currently happening in Ukraine, where the bander's ideology is already de facto official, which in the 1940s was actually a variety of Nazism and Hitlerism. Thus, Ukraine will have to repeat the same path of cultural denification that in its time passed by Germany. That German experience will need to be used both in the sphere of anti-Nazi legislation and in the sphere of cultural policy, first and foremost, in the sphere of education restructuring. In the political and administrative spheres it will be absolutely necessary to lustrate personnel – the ban on these types of activities to those who worked on responsible positions in the administrative and political spheres after 2014 or were active propagandists. Without denification, Ukraine will always remain in a state of latent civil war and political chaos.
2490	29	After the completion of the operation for the demilitarization and deniatization of Ukraine before Russia will be a very difficult task of preparing this territory. The President of Russia V.V. Putin has repeatedly reminded that the aggression of Ukraine against the Republic of Donbass will lead to the liquidation of Ukrainian statehood, but this does not mean that it will happen at once. The operation for the demilitarization and denification of Ukraine eliminates the Nazi marionette regime on its territory, but until the complete reintegration of these territories into the composition of a single Russian State still must pass a certain transitional period, during which Ukraine will be restored as a friendly Russian state, and political integration will be preceded by economic integration. But there must be a complete change in the political and economic elite on the Ukrainian territory.
2490	31	The state of “Ukraine” was a very specific phenomenon even on the background of the other modern failed states – “unstained states”, which are unable to maintain their existence as a viable political and economic unit. This specification consists in the fact that the present Ukrainian state, on the one hand, was initially viable and condemned to extinction and collapse, but on the other hand, was actively used to cause maximum harm to Russia as the main geopolitical competitor of the West. The meaning of the creation of Ukraine as a state for the West originally consisted in this, including Ukraine in the “European Community” and more in the “Golden Billion” originally no one gathered. Ukraine originally was for the West a kind of “instrument of one-time use” by the principle – “used and thrown out.” And this is natural, since Ukraine as an instrument of the geopolitical war of the West against Russia itself is part of historical Russia. Thus, its curators from Washington expected to at the same time two goals: on the one hand, first to create for Russia a variety of problems with the help of this hostile state, and on the other hand, parallelly to bring the state itself to poverty, so that its territory in the future will not become for Russia a factor of its strengthening. The West understands that early or later Ukraine will have to be returned as the original Russian territory, but it expects to return Russia to Ukraine only as a desert, not as a developed region. The events that are ongoing are shrinking this dirty plan, which would be the worst for both Russia and Ukraine.
2490	33	Of course, such a strategy cannot be spoken in any official documents, but it is easily read analytically, based on the general processes that occur in Ukraine after 1991. If the West really wanted to include Ukraine into its civilization community (in “Europe,” as it is called in Ukraine), then its policy towards it would be about the same as with Poland – it would include real investments of hundreds of billions of dollars, Ukraine’s inclusion into European structures, NATO, etc. But nothing like this has been done by the West from the very beginning, and nothing depends on Ukraine itself. The domestic investment opportunities of the country are poor and primarily belonged to the local oligarchs, and to the present time are almost exhausted. Western investments mainly went to the banking sphere, i.e. In reality, they were not investments, but vice versa, the channels of climbing from the country the main part of the profits. In this situation, Ukraine has already been condemned to always remain a poor country of the “third world” with a fully corrupt state system.
2490	35	In such a state the country could exist long enough, but its inevitable collapse approached two new factors: 1) internal - the aging and extinction of the population and the escape from the country of its most laborable part, which led to a catastrophic depopulation, even greater distress and destruction of the economy; 2) two state coupes in the form of the so-called. “Madans” who destroyed the remains of state sovereignty and brought to power in the country fully controlled colonial administration and established an authoritarian regime, completely destroying every possibility of peaceful change of the regime and the rebirth of the country.
2490	37	The only condition for the survival and resurrection of the people living on the territory of modern Ukraine is the restructuring of the state. The preservation of the state that exists on this territory would inevitably lead to the almost complete depopulation of this territory and as a result, its division into responsibility zones between the designated states. Given the rate of depopulation, this can happen in the next 20-25 years. The only way to avoid such developments is not just the change of the ruling regime, but the complete restructuring of the state on this territory. The new state may have a different name, but the essence of the matter is not in this, but in the fact that it must be based on a new real social treaty between the people and the new power, based on the interests of the people living on that territory. If such power, based on the new treaty, does not emerge, then the re-establishment of the state will not occur. And this, in turn, will mean only one – the further unalternative path of the extinction and escape of the people, the collapse of the present anti-national state.
2490	39	"The state, which emerged on the territory of present Ukraine in 1991, was initially not an independent political subject and tried to build its policy, focusing on its western protectors. On the other hand, he had to maintain normal relations with Russia, from which Ukraine was and remains economically dependent for objective reasons. In such a situation, Ukraine for some time even had the possibility of a small economic growth in the early 2000s, but this process was violently interrupted by the first ""maidan"" of 2004 as it is known, Ukraine is the only of all the countries of the ""ex Soviet Union"", which has never been able to restore the level of the Soviet GDP of 1990. The second “Maydan” in 2014 made the destruction process irreversible. This process will go to its logical completion in the form of the destruction of the economy and the state, the devastating depopulation and the social catastrophe – unless an alternative option of the future is realized in the form of the re-establishment of the state on this territory."
2490	41	"How can this happen? The objective basis of the existence of any State is a public treaty between it and the people living on its territory. The concept of ""social treaty"", as it is known, appeared in the Age of Enlightenment and marks a clear criterion of the viability and legitimacy of any state. Only until the public treaty between society and the state is fulfilled, the state lives and develops, and when the state violates the treaty, it is condemned to destruction. This destruction may not be fast because. The state can exist for a long time and without the support of its people, by inertia, simply because it has nothing to replace. The official part of the public treaty is formulated in the constitution of the state, but its informal part is actually even more important – it is the correspondence of the expectations and interests of the people, on the one hand, and the actions of the state, on the other."
2490	43	"The public treaty, on which the state was founded on the territory of Ukraine in 1991, was based on the promise of the state to ensure the people not only development, but also entry into a new community, which in Ukraine is called ""Europe"". In the past 30 years, both of these promises have not only not been fulfilled, but the process is going in the opposite direction. Instead of developing, Ukraine is rapidly disappearing, and instead of “Europe” it has become one of the rejected countries of the “third world.” This fact the power in Ukraine traditionally explains the country’s alleged “unprepared” to integrate “in Europe.” Such an “explanation” is aimed at the ignorant invader, it is a fraud and manipulation by the mass consciousness. In fact, integration “in Europe” does not depend on someone’s preparedness, but is a “technical” process that is provided by powerful investments and the country’s inclusion into the euro structure. If this does not happen, then the “preparation” itself does not play any role. As we can see, over the past 30 years, the European Union has never intended to launch this process, and from Ukraine itself nothing has depended here. Thus, the basis of the treaty, on which the existence of modern Ukraine is based, from the very beginning was placed a lie and an open deceit of the people living here."
2490	45	"The 30th anniversary of the ""independence"" of Ukraine, marked last year, allows conclusions about the entire historical era. These conclusions are quite obvious. Having become a marionette of the West, Ukraine still objectively remains a part of the Russian civilization – and not only in terms of language and remains of culture, but also in terms of absolutely objective economic criteria, since the West sees Ukraine in its economic space only as an empty raw periphery. No investment that could pull it at least to the level of Poland, there was initially not intended to be done – it was only planned a debt settlement, which works very successfully, killing the remains of the economy."
2490	47	All of this was hidden by an incredibly false and hypocrite phrase that “Ukraine must first build Europe by itself” – that is, in the conditions where there is no money left in the country for any investment, since all the profits through its banks are saved from here by the same West, which builds on this robbery of poor countries its thief “wellness”. The West understands that by killing Ukraine, he actually kills part of not his own, namely the Russian civilization – with his own they do not do so. A long interview with J. Sorosa, in which he talked about the objectives of the West in Ukraine: according to him, Ukraine Europe is not needed, it will remain Russia, but in the end Russia will get a desert that will be for her only a condition. That is, by destroying Ukraine, the “hosts of world money” actually destroy Russia – in parts, first of all, it is divided into “independent” states, as they have always sought to do so. Usually discuss the degree of reliability of the mentioned interview, however, in fact, it is not even important, since the same conclusion leads to the objective analysis of the processes that are taking place.
2490	49	Over the last 30 years, Ukraine has lost a third of the population and almost all industry, not to mention the territories of the Crimea and the Donbass. There is no prerequisite to reversing the process of degradation and extinction – there is not and will not be predicted. In 30 years, the territory of Ukraine will become almost a desert, which in the worst scenario of developments will be divided into sectors controlled by neighboring states. The only chance that this territory will not be in the prospect settled by immigrants — from Asia and Africa — is a complete change of state, without which it is impossible to change this catastrophic situation.
2490	51	There is no doubt that the entire current ruling class of Ukraine is well aware of this perspective. Therefore, all of them, starting with President Zelensky himself, have foreign passports and real estate abroad. Ukraine they see exclusively as a convenient temporary place to conduct their semi-criminal business, but in the future they don’t want to live here (and their children have long been studying and living in the West). It is occupational power in the most literal sense of the word. They are going to go, leaving the dead population here, who will soon have to pay their pensions. Thus, without the radical change of the state in the coming decades, Ukraine is only waiting for a slow death.
2490	53	Therefore, it is completely lawful that in 2021 the leadership of the Russian Federation has sounded fundamentally new theses regarding relations with Ukraine. Specifically the President V. Putin said that the inhabitants of Ukraine and Russia are one people, artificially divided as a result of the catastrophic events of the twentieth century. This thesis has always been an axiom in the environment of academic scientists, but as a political thesis it is sounded for the first time after 1917 (as known, in the Tsar Russia the Russian nation was understood as consisting of three ethnic groups – great-Ros, small-Ros and Belarus).
2490	55	Article of V.V. Putin about Ukraine means a fundamental turn in Russia’s policy: if previously it was the cooperation of the brother peoples and, moreover, often even the free aid to Ukraine (even earlier the president also sounded the figures of the actual donor aid of Russia to Ukraine in the form of low gas prices and so on).Now the situation has changed fundamentally. After Ukraine, fully under external control, launched a war on the Donbass against the Russian population living there and positioned itself as a country in a state of war with Russia, this policy, focused on fraternal assistance, became impossible. Now it is only about the fact that the Russian Federation takes under protection the Russian-speaking majority of its population living in Ukraine. This has already been done to the people of Donbass and is the last warning.
2490	57	On the other hand, the recent article of D.A. Medvedev about Ukraine has already become a logical conclusion of the public formulation of the new strategy of Russia towards this country. The main thesis of this article about the complete impossibility of dealing with the power that was made in Ukraine under external governance, and that Russia will wait as much as necessary until a new, treaty-capable and implementable power emerges on this territory, means the beginning of a fundamentally new period of history. In fact, it is said that Ukraine, in the form it exists now, is not a serious political partner for Russia and the upcoming “recharge” of power in this country is absolutely inevitable.
2490	59	Let’s go back to the question of how can the restructuring of state on the territory of Ukraine come as a specific political process? Under the conditions of the peaceful development of events, i.e. slow destruction, the “pushing mechanism” of this process would be the collapse of its economy and political system, which will inevitably lead to social chaos. The collapse of the economy is already inevitable as a result of its long degradation and a catastrophic decrease in the share of the employable population. In the coming years, the full payment of pensions in Ukraine would become impossible because of the ageing population, and the labour migration abroad has increased even more. The loss of the “food base” of the semi-criminal business, for which the Ukrainian so-called “political elite” exists, will also reach a critical level that will force most of these people to emigrate and export their capital abroad.
2490	61	Under the conditions of the general economic and political collapse would begin the people's speeches led by former militants fighting against the Donbass, who have a large number of weapons in their hands. In this situation, it would inevitably be attempts to restore the state that came from these militants who confess the neonazist ideology. But since these people are unable to do any creative activities and do not have the support of the majority of the population, they would not succeed, but would only further reveal the scenario of civil war. However, the events of the last days, fortunately, stopped this worst for Ukraine scenario of development of events and created a completely different perspective.
2490	63	"The course of the operation in Ukraine has been very indicative in many ways. First, he showed that the rusophobic “fifth column” in Russia is not as strong and not as large in the total proportion of the population of Russia as it may seem if judged on social networks. The Rusophobes are active and aggressive in virtual reality, and the real reality is troubled and small. The majority of the population of Russia supports the operation and understands very well its need. At the same time, there was a lot of representatives of the ""divan troops"", who somehow believed that a ""blitzkrig"" should happen in a week. This opinion does not speak of the great mind. It is worth remembering at least two campaigns in Chechnya, which is less than Ukraine by square and by population 20 times – these campaigns lasted for a few months, even without considering the subsequent struggle against the underground terrorists."
2490	65	In addition, from the very beginning the task was to reduce losses as much as possible among the own troops and among the peaceful population – and this immediately means slow progress with a long occupation of cities. Furthermore, the Russian Federation uses a few troops – exclusively contractors – and therefore, from the very beginning, Ukraine has a triple superiority in its personal composition, which isined further by mobilization in Ukraine. Although the population of Ukraine is massively hiding from mobilization and flee abroad, but someone is called – in fact, “on death.” The strategy of the Russian army consists in minimizing contact battles and defeating the enemy through domination in the air and multiple superiority in artillery. This is the “classic” war of the 21st century. Thus the Americans were fighting in Iraq – but unlike them, the Russian army is trying to save the peaceful population.
2490	67	The course of the military operation demonstrates that disgusting fact that Russia once again began to regret the lives of its soldiers. Thanks to God, the “peach meat” does not fight, and that’s the most important thing. The delay of the war due to the strategy of war in cities, covered by peaceful inhabitants, chosen by the Ukrainian army (this strategy has already been circumcised by the “war of the undergrounds”), only extends the agony of the Ukrainian army and increases the suffering and losses of the Ukrainian population, and no more. At the end of the war, this strategy of delay will not affect at all. Time is now playing against Russia and against Ukraine: Ukraine has almost no warehouses, no fuel, no aviation, no reserves. There is no military industry in Ukraine – its remains are already achieved. The western supplies are a drop in the sea, which is mainly not to the front, it will be destroyed by Russian aviation on the road.
2490	69	Now many are asking the reason for the withdrawal of Russian troops from the east of Kiev. The army was removed right and in time – why do they stand there without interpretation, if Kiev is going to take in the last round? Now the main task is to lock a large cottage around Slavyansk, and then it will remain actually just to get the Ukrainian army, as all its combatable parts will remain in the cottage. Most likely, this large cottage will be eradicated much faster than Mariupolsky, since there you will no longer hide in the huge city, and the cottage will already be without fuel and demoralised. The right defense strategy was also chosen in the south. Contracts on Herson were only in harm to the Ukrainian army – it did not anything there and lost all the equipment. The Ukrainians were simply thrown to death there, but they showed a beautiful picture for the West.
2490	71	Second, it quickly became clear that the most civilized version of the war, in which only the Ukrainian army and its infrastructure are destroyed, and then the power in Ukraine is changed to a more practical, will not succeed. It will not come into force because the Ukrainian army is fighting by the method of terrorists – hiding in cities and hiding itself with a peaceful population. This delays the operation, leads to victims among the civilian population and no longer leaves the opportunity to preserve Ukraine as an integrated state. The representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Maria Zakharova, said in a statement: “The main chance for Ukraine to exist within its own borders, Ukraine to be sovereign, Ukraine to be independent they have already missed.” The creation of military and civil administrations (VGA) on the liberated territories means that there will no longer be jurisdiction of Ukraine and they have another political future. On the territory of historic Novorussia and in the Kharkiv region, the most likely will occur the creation of the People's Republics by the model of 2014 with their subsequent adoption to the Russian Federation. The fate of the rest of the territory will depend on geopolitical complexities.
2490	73	Third, the war, of course, has also shown the sphere where Russia is still weak and where it has to urgently raise forces. This is the information war. Of course, some minimum of the information war is dealt with, at least, with respect to the population of the Russian Federation. The Western propaganda is opposed by the internal Russian information environment, which more or less protects the people of Russia from direct manipulation of enemy propaganda. But that obviously is not enough. It was urgent to introduce a criminal punishment for fake about the Russian army – but this made silent only the most naked propagandists. In general, the information war against Russia within Russia itself continues – although not in such an open, but not less effective form. A huge influence on the young universities has the rusophobic “intelligence”. Formally they do not violate any laws, but at the same time they completely freely impose on the youth their pro-Western anti-Russian ideology. The struggle for the youth is a struggle for Russia, in the future even more important than a military operation. What to do in this situation?
2490	75	It would be a very important and effective measure to carry out in the universities and other places the collection of youth special lectures on current events, their historical and geopolitical background. In these matters, the young people are usually very poorly understood – even those who consider themselves “educated.” For these lectures (a few lectures at each faculty) you can choose good lecturers from different cities of Russia, having scientific degrees, experience of working with students and a clear patriot worldview. Such groups of lecturers could quickly move across different cities and engage in educational work, the importance of which is now difficult to overestimate.
2490	77	In addition, these lecturers will inevitably go into disputes with those people among the teachers of the universities who are hostile to the actions of Russia. Thus, these people will already manifest themselves publicly, and not “undergroundly” engage in their aggressive anti-Russian propaganda, destroying the youth. In general, the phenomenon of the rusophobic “intelligence”, which once destroyed Russia in 1917, is again a huge national problem. As narrow specialists in certain fields of science, these people are completely ignorant in everything else and do not have a normal “natural” mind and sense of the Fatherland. Therefore, their influence on the young people is truly catastrophic. Of course, rusophobic propaganda should be under the same strict legislative prohibition as fake about the Russian army. Unfortunately, the current Russian authorities are not fully aware of this danger.
2490	79	Although total losses during the operation are not comparable to serious wars, however, it is a great popular success with severe victims. Therefore, it is necessary to bring the beginning to the end and not to repeat the mistake of 2014. The main mistake then was the hope of somewhat civilized agreement with Ukraine. The Russian authorities need to understand once and forever – it is never possible to negotiate anything with Ukraine, because it will always be deceived. A state that was originally based on lies cannot be other than that. It will be possible to negotiate not with this Ukraine, but with that state, initially friendly to Russia, which will need to be established on this territory.
2490	81	"However, the problem of modern Ukraine is that there is no alternative social forces in it that could carry out the restructuring of the state in such a difficult situation. These forces were completely suppressed after the 2014 state coup. Thus, the restructuring of the state on the territory of Ukraine will happen in a different way. Most likely, temporarily power will go into the hands of that part of the Ukrainian military, who behave adequately, refusing to carry out combat actions against the brother people and not obey the dictates of the Nazis. These soldiers can sign a formal capitulation and form temporary governance bodies for a period before new elections. Before the elections, the full lustration of persons associated with the previous power must be carried out, and any Russian-phobic forces in Ukraine are prohibited by law. It is obvious that if the Ukrainian state will not be “opened”, then otherwise it will legally create an armed to the teeth NATO forpost on its rocks. It is very important to change the official discourse: the main thing is to refuse to operate the concept of ""Ukraine"" as something integral and natural data. Ukraine is a conglomerate of artificially rejected Russian territories from Russia, and no more. And now it is their natural return.2491"
2491	3	"In 2017, the demand for Schengen visas in Ukraine was predicted to decline - the influence of the ""free visa"" was affected. This is by the organization “Europe Without Barriers” with reference to its own data. Last year, only 721 thousand were requested for such permission. Ukrainian"
2491	5	Visa status and association with the EU
2491	7	"In 2017, the demand for Schengen visas in Ukraine was predicted to decline - the influence of the ""visum-free"" was affected."
2491	9	This is by the organization “Europe Without Barriers” with reference to its own data. Last year, only 721 thousand were requested for such permission. Ukrainians, while in 2016 - more than 1,411 million. The number of issued visas, respectively, is 694 thousand. and 1.36 million. Therefore, in the ranking of countries by the number of received Schengen visas, Ukraine fell from third place to sixth.
2491	11	The truth is that those who travel to Europe by their passage on the border find the problem – big rows. To pass them, you have to give the border guards a pickup (20-50 euros from the car). We have already written about the fact that the EU’s grant program for setting up new passing points on the border with the EU countries was almost fully developed by Ukraine, but there were no new passing points.
2491	13	“After the scandal with the catch (on the place of one of the new passing points the inspectors found only the catch, 3 million euros were allocated to the construction – Order.) It is unlikely that Ukraine can count on the EU’s aid to fix the border. And without modernization there will be eternal slopes, the more after the visa leave, the more people go abroad. It is a shame for Kiev. In Brussels, they are tired of closing their eyes to Ukrainian corruption and are already thinking about taking the visa,” a source in the Eurostructures cited Strana.ua.
2491	15	The State Border Service reports that since the start of the regime of visa-free entry of citizens of Ukraine into the countries of the Schengen agreement (i.e. 11 June last year), this right was exploited by 483 thousand. the Ukrainians. Compared to the total passenger traffic, this is quite small. So, in 2017, the total number of entrances increased by just 3%.
2491	17	However, the “value” of the Ukrainian passport in the ranking of Henley & Partners (evaluates the passport from the point of view of the comfort of moving around the world) has actually grown at once on 19 positions – now Ukraine occupies the 80th place in the world. The reason for this growth, of course, is the visa free from the EU. Indeed, pleased with the breakthrough Ukrainian officials forget that in 2013 in the same rating Ukraine, without any visa, occupied the 74th place.
2491	19	Ukraine can get another point of disagreement with Hungary (in addition to the language of teaching in schools of compact residence of Ukrainian Hungarians). President Petro Poroshenko initiates a law on sanctions against Ukrainian residents who have passports from other states. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine even recalled 100,000. Hungarian passports to Kazakhstan (information old, now more). Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs Peter Siyarto was angry with the proposal of the Ukrainian leader. Given that literally in the days Hungary has already for the third time blocked the Ukraine-NATO summit at the level of the head of the Foreign Ministry, we can be confident: the Ukrainian authorities with their hands block their own Euro-Atlantic powers.
2491	21	Only two weeks ago, Poroshenko, speaking at the 11th Kiev Security Forum, once again touched the topic of the NATO Membership Action Plan:
2491	23	“I emphasize that there will not be a better case. Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia belong to the Western Alliance and must be part of it. This is our agenda. Up to the next meeting with NATO and the EU. As for NATO, we will insist on the program of enhanced opportunities for Ukraine and the Action Plan for membership.”
2491	25	that is. It seems like a man wants to infiltrate Ukraine into the NATO, but he then reminds: “Hungarians have issued 100,000 passports to Zakarpatia! They also want to preserve Hungarian as a language of learning.” And the “cats under the tail” plans are flying: what is the PDC if Ukraine can not banally hold a formal summit with NATO since October last year?
2491	27	Employment Migration
2491	29	The quantitative migration of Ukrainians to Poland is gradually increasing to quality.
2491	31	“There is a growing interest among individuals in the purchase of land on the territory of Poland by citizens of Ukraine. In 2017, they received 134 permits, which accounts for almost 50% of all permits for the purchase of land real estate, which are issued to individuals,” the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a report.
2491	33	It should be noted that this is already a trend – in 2016 the Ukrainians received 47% of such permits.
2491	35	Meanwhile, Poland’s economy is still not thinking of being overwhelmed by the Ukrainians. According to the Union of entrepreneurs and employers of Poland, to support the growth of the economy, they need to attract 5 million migrants, and, according to Polish experts, the total number of invitations issued in 2018 for the Ukrainians will be 3 million (1,7 in 2017, according to the information of the Chairman of the Polish-Ukrainian Economic Chamber, Jacek Pehotha). The overcome of the planki in 2 million Ukrainians at a recent press conference in Kiev was confirmed by Polish ambassador to Ukraine Jan Peklo.
2491	37	Another about 100 thousand. Ukrainian migrants are waiting in Slovakia this year - the Ministry of Labour addressed its Ukrainian colleagues with a request for assistance.
2491	39	Due to the high rates of labour migration in Ukraine it became an emergency problem to count the real employment of the population. The employment agency has 360,000 employees. Unemployed, the ILO gives 1.8 million, and the State - 1.7 million. However, how can I understand who of them is truly unemployed and who only waits 6 months to have the right to return to Poland?
2491	41	Interference in assessment and sectoral imbalances. Let’s say, in the work professions there is a staff deficit: enterprises are forced to “great” graduates of PTU and teach them already in production, because other ways to get staff is not left.
2491	43	However, there is an indirect argument in favor of the fact that unemployment in Ukraine is actually decreasing. The National Bank of Poland, which has studied the motivation among Ukrainian gastronomists, brings a curious statistics. So, by 2013, more than 36% of respondents called the cause of leaving for wages to Poland lack of work and 50% - too low wages. Now the ratio has changed: almost 60% of the respondents are unhappy with their wages, while only 20% of migrants complain about their lack of work. And the number of migrants indicating the political situation as the cause has increased twice: before these were only 3.5%, now 12.5%.
2491	45	“Ukraine simply becomes a part of the European labour market, and through a similar process other countries have already passed,” Poroshenko himself said at an extended meeting of the government, thus giving an understanding of how to this process the authority applies.
2491	47	But the experts disagree with this assessment.
2491	49	"“These phrases confirm that our officials have badly taught or not taught science about the development of labour resources. New EU members have faced similar problems. But one thing is when on your western borders there is a country with a quality labour market and in the east with a low wage level. Then the problem of compensation of labour resources is solved by the Eastern market. And Ukraine has become a black hole of labour resources: people migrate to the west, north, south and east. Who will compensate us for the outflow of the labour force?"" - explains the error of Poroshenko the financial expert Alexey Kush in a comment for Newsone.ua."
2491	51	People's flow is discussed at parliamentary level.
2491	53	“The situation today is quite strange – in the western regions of Ukraine, where investors, in particular, and Japanese investors, and from Germany, other countries of the European community, went. There is a problem with people to work. That is, the West Ukraine in connection with the fact that we already have a visa-free regime, has gone to work as labor migrants to the European Union,” — said during a speech in the Supreme Council the representative of the president in parliament Irina Lucenko.
2491	55	Just a year ago, the French ambassador to Ukraine warned Ukrainian officials about this.
2491	57	Meanwhile, Poland begins to think about attracting not only unqualified workers, but also Ukrainian doctors. Rzeczpospolita writes about the plans of the Polish Ministry of Health to simplify employment for non-EU medical workers. In particular, for doctors plans to cancel the procedure for the notification of diplomas.
2491	59	In the government of Ukraine, there is no hope to put the legs on the earnings of migrants. The Minister of Social Policy Andrei Reva proposes to charge such Ukrainians stages, as well as make it possible for members of their families in Ukraine to receive housing subsidies for the payment of communal services. However, all of this is offered to buy.
2491	61	“We are ready to give subsidy to families where people work abroad, provided that they will voluntarily be insured and pay the contribution at least in three months... In three months the minimum contribution is 2500 UAH, and we for this give them the subsidy and insurance stage, which will give people the right to retirement,” he told the TV channel “112 Ukraine”.
2491	63	Economy and Export
2491	65	In January-February Ukraine exported agricultural and food products to the EU for $2.8 billion. + 102 million dollars. compared to the similar period last year), the deputy minister of agricultural policy and food of Ukraine on the issues of euro integration Olga Trofimceva during a press conference. This is approximately 36,5% of agricultural exports of Ukraine for the specified period. In total, 45.1% of Ukrainian exports in these months were sent to the EU.
2491	67	Such an active export led to the fact that on April 17, Ukrainian producers exhausted quotas for six positions: honey, salt and wheat clay, processed tomatoes, grain and apple juices, wheat, corn. In the case of honey, processed tomatoes, wheat and corn are exhausted both the main quotas (registered in the agreement on the creation of the CST with the EU) and the additional (forced to Ukraine last year for a period of three years). Ukraine has also managed to use the second quarterly quota for the export of bird meat and the six-year - for salmon oil.
2491	69	“...As on the same date of 2017, the quantities of wheat were not yet exhausted, and the quota for salt and wheat clay in general for the past year remained unused,” – commented for “Korrespondent.net” these results analyst of foreign trade agro-food products association Ukrainian club of agricultural business Daria Grisenko.
2491	71	It is really the explosive pace of growth in bone exports. So, the export of slices to the EU in 2016 brought to Ukraine 2,4 thousand. USD, and already in 2017 - $6.2 million. (Mostly sold to Poland - for 5.4 million). Inspired by this success, agricultors this year intend to increase exports and other positions.
2491	73	“There will be attempts to come to the EU market (Poland, the Baltic) with landmark in May and Autumn 2018. It is expected to increase the exports of cheese to the EU and Asia countries, as well as the Bahá’u’lláh – in new directions. For example, the Herson arbuses can go to the UK, the first such attempts were made in 2017,” said Delo.ua fruit market analyst Tatiana Gettman.
2491	75	Overall, in the first quarter of 2018, Ukraine exported fruits, beans and nuts for $57 million. (+68% to the app) Indeed, mainly this result is secured by the export of Greek nuts (42 million dollars).)
2491	77	"Europe does not leave an attempt to force Ukraine to abolish the moratorium on the exports of rocks (acts since 2016). The government of Ukraine and the European Commission have completed the agreement on the list of ""neutral"" arbitrators, one of them will head the arbitration. There will be three groups of arbitrators (neutral, from Ukraine and from the EU). They will decide whether Ukraine has the right in accordance with the ZST agreement to introduce such a moratorium."
2491	79	The problem is that there are no groups of arbitrators from Ukraine yet. Right is, but not in full composition: four candidates Poroshenko has approved, the last candidate has been in consideration in the President's Administration for eight months. And 80% of preparation in such matters is not, only 100%.
2491	81	The EU is convinced that the Ukrainian side intentionally delays the process of forming its group of arbitrators. The European Commissioner for Trade Cecilia Malmström in late February even sent to Kiev an extremely strict ultimatum, warning that if Ukraine does not provide its arbitrators, the examination will begin those arbitrators who managed to approve.
2491	83	“A few representatives of the European Union immediately, up to the Director-General responsible for relations with neighbors, assured ‘European Truth: Britain has never had to begin an arbitration with the partners with whom the EU has a free trade treaty. It was always possible to negotiate peacefully... but Ukraine was special,” said Sergey Sidorenko and Yuri Panchenko in the journalist material.
2491	85	By the way, this is not the only problem in trade with the EU. Deputy Director of the Scientific and Technical Center “Psychea” Gennady Rjabtsev warns that the EU can impose sanctions against Ukraine if the government still decides to impose quotas on fuel imports.
2491	87	Poland already this year can come to the first place among trade partners of Ukraine if not on trade, then on export, the president of the Ukrainian analytical center, Alexander Ohrimenko, predicts in his article for 112.ua. According to the results of the first quarter, Ukrainian producers exported products to Russia by $853 million, to Poland by $816 million. The gap is really very small.
2491	89	However, despite all the successes of increasing exports to Europe, in the first five countries to which Ukraine sells most of its goods, only two countries from the EU zone: Poland and Italy (third and third place).
2491	91	Grants, Programs, Targeted Financing
2491	93	As previously, the question of the cancellation of the moratorium on the export of the crop will not be brought as a condition for Ukraine’s next package of macrofinancial aid (a loan of 1 billion euros) of the EU. However, this does not mean that it will be provided completely unconditionally. The European Parliament is discussing a proposal to allocate funds in exchange for an obligation to establish a system of verification of official property statements and data on corporate beneficiaries. In addition, as follows from the words of the eurobankers (“...in the light of the incomplete implementation by Ukraine of the program related to the third package, it is appropriate to include the specific conditions for each of the two tranches of this aid”), the funds will be allocated in small doses and only under the report on the work done.
2491	95	The EU has prepared another aid program for Ukraine – “Reforms for Investments”, under which Ukraine will be able to get up to 50 million euros. As the European Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Expansion Negotiations, Johannes Hahn, promises, its economic impact may be ten times greater than its grant and will allow Ukraine to attract up to €0.5 billion in investments. According to the tradition, something must be done first. For these 50 million euros Europe will need, in particular:
2491	97	- independent regulation in energy, i.e. all powers on tariffs, their reasonability and control will be transferred to the National Commission on Regulation of Energy and Communal Services (NCRECU);
2491	99	The EU also calls for an abolition of the e-declaration for anti-corruption.
2491	101	And it seems that this money will remain in the EU — the total cost of the demands clearly exceeds 50 million euros.
2493	3	"Moscow, 8 July - RIA Novosti. Former top commander of NATO united forces in Europe General Philip Bridlav called the Crimean Bridge a ""legal goal"" for the Ukrainian troops, the Russian authorities have previously repeatedly criticized such statements, including comparing them to the words of terrorists and noting that all attempts to damage will be collapsed and will be severely interrupted."
2493	4	According to the general, Ukraine could use the recently delivered Harpoon missiles to hit the bridge.
2493	6	"“There are many Western leaders and former leaders like me, who are now talking about what will happen if Russia begins to burn Ukrainian ships with grain, or if the Russian maritime blockade continues... There are discussions about how the West can react if that happens. A few people with whom I was talking said the “fall” of the Kerch Bridge would be a huge blow to Russia. The Kerch Bridge is a legitimate goal,"" Bridlav told the British newspaper Times."
2493	8	Earlier, General Major of the Ukrainian Army Dmitry Marchenko told the Ukrainian media that the Crimean Bridge will be the target number one if the Ukrainian troops are placed the appropriate weapons from the United States and Europe. The Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation later informed that it would give a legal assessment of his statements. Vice Speaker of the State Duma Irina Yarova compared the words of Marchenko with the typical behavior of terrorists. Russian President's spokesman Dmitry Peskov noted that the security of Crimea is guaranteed by preventive measures on the line of the Russian military. He also said the threats to the Crimean Bridge are known to the Kremlin and are taken into account. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Sergey Lavrov, speaking on the topic of threats to the Crimean Bridge, pointed out that all these statements are taken on note, such plans will fall.
2493	10	Member of the State Duma from the Crimean region Mikhail Sheremet called suicide the threat of Kiev to attack the Crimean Bridge and warned that even in the event of attempts to provoke the decision-making centers will be immediately destroyed. The head of the Crimea, Sergei Aksenov, said that attempts to damage the Crimean Bridge will be hardly interrupted, the safety of the building and other strategic facilities is guaranteed at the highest level. According to him, the soil part of Crimea is covered by air defense forces as much as possible, the peninsula is not threatened by anything.
2493	11	"Russia began its military operation in Ukraine on February 24. President Vladimir Putin called its goal ""to protect people who have been subjected to genocide by the Kiev regime for eight years."" According to the statement of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation, by March 25 the Armed Forces fulfilled the main tasks of the first stage – significantly reduced the combat potential of Ukraine. The main goal in the Russian military ministry was the liberation of the Donbass. In particular, the DPR liberated Volnovacha, a strategically important district center south of Donetsk, Mariupol, the largest city on the coast of the Azov Sea, and Svetogorsk, in which a large Orthodox monastery is located in the status of a labyrinth. On the third of July, with the takeover of Lishchansk and the surrounding settlements, the entire territory of LPR was liberated."
2497	1	Ukraine has sold its sovereignty. What the country will pay with the West - Politologist Dontsov: the West can take the land from Ukraine at the expense of paying part of the debt 
2497	3	Ukraine has taken money from different countries – from Japan to the United States. It is about huge amounts. At the same time, even in Europe, they have already talked about how the West will return its money. Experts are confident – now in Ukraine no one thinks about it. In fact, you have to pay. And most likely, the famous agricultural lands and enterprises will go on. This will lead to the dissolution of the country and the final loss of sovereignty.
2497	5	Ukraine and its debts to the West
2497	7	The French Parliamentary Secretary, Thierry Mariani, has expressed doubts that Ukraine can pay debts on loans. This was written by RT with reference to the policy address to the European Commission. According to the European Parliament, IMF head Kristalina Georgieva proposed to allocate grants to Ukraine instead of loans. The IMF said it is necessary to clarify “Kiev’s financial needs and to adjust the ways to meet them.”
2497	9	“Can the European Commission guarantee that the amount of aid that will be provided to Ukraine will be calculated based on the real capacity of the country to pay such amounts?”
2497	11	In early July, the European Commission proposed to allocate Ukraine a billion euros from the new macro-financial support package, which was announced in May. At the same time, the country received $500 million from one Japan with a period of refund of 30 years, the Ministry of Finance of Ukraine said. The interest rate on the loan is 1% annually.
2497	13	Canada agreed to grant Ukraine a loan of approximately $398 million. The World Bank has already announced the preparation of a $1.5 billion aid package to support the provision of state services to the population. He has already that he has collected $723 million. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has previously announced additional $500 million credit guarantees.
2497	15	The Executive Council of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has approved the allocation of $1.4 billion of emergency financial aid to Ukraine. In February, U.S. President Joe Biden ordered to allocate Ukraine 600 million financial aid, including 350 million, to the defence sphere.
2497	17	After that, the U.S. has yet several times granted loans to Ukraine, including the Lend-Lise: $40 billion from the U.S. And here are these endless programs of aid from European countries, from NATO. Political scientist Nikita Dontsov is confident that Ukraine is thrown into a debt hole.
2497	19	"“We understand that all this does not happen on a free basis. Loans under interest. And how Ukraine will pay for it with the destroyed economy, it’s not very clear. And they will still have to pay them,"" the politician emphasized."
2497	21	Ukraine may lose the most profitable territories
2497	23	Dontsov recalled that Russia, for example, paid off payments for land lease, which were much less in volume and were provided to the United States during World War II, only in 2006. Accordingly, Ukraine will now take a lot of weapons, equipment, loans and will be paid for them for at least 100 years, and, and more.
2497	25	"Actually, no one in Ukraine is thinking about how and what the country will pay the debt to the West. About this ""360"" told the political scientist, economist, former chairman of the public movement ""Battle for Donbass"" Alexey Zhivov."
2497	27	Globally, no one is thinking about who, how and for whom will then pay these massive debts. How Ukraine plans to calculate is a big mystery, especially taking into account that, let’s say, the crash of the conflict with Russia is very likely to lead Ukraine to a sense of territories.
2497	29	Alexis is alive.
2497	31	It is in the southeastern regions that Ukraine can lose, 60% of the economy and 60% of the natural resources of the country are concentrated. According to him, the state that remains, if it remains after the completion of a special military operation, will be very modest – both in size and in economic possibilities. According to the scale of the territory, the political scientist believes that Ukraine will not be more of Belarus.
2497	33	“This will be a two-fold smaller country in size and a three-fold smaller economy. How are you planning to pay? Mystery,” he emphasized.
2497	35	The West can repay debts by means of the Russian assets
2497	37	In the case of a fiasco, he believes, the United States and Europe will charge debts on the expense of frozen Russian assets. They were frozen, the scientist said. He emphasized that anything can be expected from the West, as it has long gone beyond the legal norms.
2497	39	“Only at some point they will invent a legislative base, justifying it with a roughly rusophobic scream. And under this noise are all debts from Russia. I hear that they are preparing for it, but for them it will be extremely narrow. The Western institutions around the world will completely lose their legitimacy: both the Institute of the Dollar, the Institute of Justice, and the Institute of Property,” Zhivov explained.
2497	41	Ukraine may pay with the West
2497	43	Ukraine is famous for its unique agricultural land fund, Dontsov reminded. And, he believes, the West could get debts just through the sale of large land stocks.
2497	45	“In Ukraine, the land until recently was almost all in state ownership. Until now, large areas are in state ownership. For many centuries all foreigners have been hunting for this black land. One of the options is the exchange of this invaluable land resource for a list of a part of the debt,” the politiologist noted.
2497	47	There is also the possibility to sell some major enterprises, many of which have been nationalized. The state has organizations in almost all spheres of Ukraine - from the production of feed for domestic animals and end up with enterprises that breeze horses. All of these assets can also be sold for debt refund.
2497	49	“The Ukrainian state can remain without any assets at all. He will also have to go on some political disagreements. I don’t think the land and the enterprises will recover all the debts, but some part is likely. These loans, which Ukraine has acquired, will simply lead to the devastation of the country, all its unique reserves. “This can all go into foreign property,” Dontsov concluded.
2497	51	All the loans, the political scientist stressed, are primarily a political tool for the West, since falling into such dependence, Ukraine has actually sold its sovereignty.
2499	1	Georgia, Ukraine, who is the next?
2499	3	Georgia, Ukraine: where to expect the next blow of the West against Russia?
2499	4	Being aware of the complexity and inequality of the problem, we will try to make an analogy between Georgia and Ukraine, and those events that have occurred before and are happening now. And to evaluate where the next blow of the West should be expected?
2499	7	Georgia, Ukraine, who is the next? Post-Soviet space: where should the next blow of the West be expected?
2499	9	That’s why the analogy of things is ungrateful because of the presence of a large number of details, the fate of which is to be irresistibly abandoned, to identify the general trends and on the resulted basis to obtain a basic scenario. What details to remove, what to leave is the choice (and the same risk) of the author, as well as the readers, agree or disagree with the indicated choice.
2499	11	So, what is the difference and similarity of Georgian and Ukrainian events? And why was their negative vector towards Russia inevitable despite Russia’s vast efforts to prevent such a scenario?
2499	13	Starting with the fact that both in Georgia and Ukraine were initially strong anti-Soviet moods, which naturally turned into anti-Russian.
2499	15	After the collapse of the USSR, a brother-mortal civil war was simply forced to explode throughout the territory of the former Union. However, one of the few wise decisions of the then criminal divorce was the application of Russia for the title of the successor of the USSR, in particular, in relation to foreign debt. This step, which greatly facilitated the newly formed countries’ entry into state, did not exclude, but at least delay the emergence of a series of unstability and claims linked to the economy and finance. At least, the “all-Union” civil war with all did not happen.
2499	17	"At the same time, like all the others, Georgia and Ukraine were happy to get rid of the cake of possible debts, but they were unable to take advantage of the opportunities gained. Nevertheless, almost no one was able to take full advantage of it, although in a few different degrees. Almost everywhere the fool was drawn and the search for an external enemy began, quickly and carefully eaten by eternal western rusophobia. Someone went fast, some stopped. Georgia and Ukraine did not doubt, just being in the first rows, quickly distinguished into the ""leaders"" of a diverse chorus."
2499	19	"Here it is worth remembering that even in the late Soviet period there were cases when a train with the direction ""Gruzia - Soviet Union"" came out from Tbilisi, and the tables changed when it crossed the border of the republic. In Ukraine, it was different, first and foremost in the western regions, where in Soviet times the nationalism had different forms, rather underground, immediately after the acquisition of authenticity, flowed into semi-legal camps, where the young people immediately began to intensely prepare for the future Majdan."
2499	21	Anyway, but both former Soviet republics came to extremely rusophobic regimes, although different ways: Georgia – through a devastating civil war that destroyed the entire economic potential, Ukraine – more consistently, but with the same result, significantly losing the massive possibilities arising in heritage from the USSR.
2499	23	As a result, in Georgia – “the revolution of the rose” and the arrival to power of the extreme rusophob Saakashvili, in Ukraine – the Majdan and not the minor rusophob Yushchenko, who came to power by a strange re-voting. The two events occurred almost simultaneously in 2004.
2499	25	Therefore, we have revealed the following: in Georgia and Ukraine, two “colored revolutions” have occurred at the same time, although they have come to them in different ways. Georgia has gone through a civil war and has been completely destroyed. Ukraine, avoiding shock, has lost its potential not completely, remaining a large economy, especially in the background of the post-Soviet space.
2499	27	Why Georgia?
2499	28	And now let’s emphasize again: both of the mentioned events occurred with a significant support of the West, but this similarity was to be followed by the choice: on which of the two to bet? Or maybe on two?
2499	30	I guess if this choice had been made before the West today, there would be no doubt that the second option would be chosen. However, in 2004, it still seemed that Russia was not too far away from the role that was prescribed to it by globalists. Well, she sent with YUCOS, and canceled the robbery schemes of the SRP (the agreement on the division of products) and the tolling.
2499	32	"There was no “München Speech” yet, the army breathed on the hand after the “fire to defeat” in the 90s, the oligarchs just stood at the threshold of the consciousness that they had to pay at least taxes. So, it could seem that enough Georgian pin in the American socket, and the old bear will either breathe or form irreversibly. Furthermore, on some Georgians the cost of the ""sapogue"" is less and, given the zero economy, nothing to restore is not necessary, unlike Ukraine, closely integrated with Russia by numerous production chains."
2499	34	In general, by the method of exclusion, as well as due to the weakness of Yushchenko as a person, the unconditional choice fell on, though unbalanced, but so impulsive Saakashvili. After all, everything is known to the latter, which, just due to their widespread popularity, we will drop down and remind only a few important details:
2499	36	During the five-day war, the Russian Armed Forces captured military trophy in the amount of only 150 units of arms. In addition, large amounts of weapons, American and European manufactured, as well as military cars, including Hammer, were dropped, which the Pentagon demanded to immediately return the United States. Russia, of course, has not returned anything to anyone, and Hammers are now in the Ministry of Defense Museum in Cuba;
2499	37	In the course of the fast-flow war, all Georgia fell into the cottage, and as a result, lost significant territories: Abkhazia and South Ossetia, which immediately turned into the oplots of the Russian armed forces in the Caucasus;
2499	39	In the course of the war there was a rapid sea episode, when the Georgian military boats, ignoring the Russian requests, were unthinkingly destroyed by shipping missile ballots.
2499	41	Despite the promised support, neither Europe nor the United States did nothing but anger to save their defenders from the military defeat.
2499	43	Thus, the five-day war ended for Georgia a full fiasco with the loss of territories, military property and reputation.
2499	45	We move to Ukraine
2499	47	Yushchenko’s lack of value quickly became obvious not only to the foreign players, but also to the people of Ukraine themselves. This is why the subdivision, regardless of what, began preparing the second majdan, which took place in 2013. A larger Rusophob Poroshenko came to power, directed by curators strictly to the east.
2499	49	One problem: there was no time for the preparation and pushing of the armed forces, so the open war with Russia did not happen, but there was some kind of civil war in the form of a prolonged military confrontation with the rebellion republics of the Donbass, supported by Russia both humanitarian and military equipment, equipment and ammunition.
2499	51	According to the results of the four-year confrontation in the war that Russia did not appear:
2499	53	The Ukrainian combat air force has been almost completely destroyed, a huge number of armor and other weapons, including foreign weapons, are captured, and ammunition warehouses are regularly destroyed on the territory of Ukraine itself. Losses in the personal composition, permanently falling into the cottage, far exceed the official UN figures and only increase;
2499	55	In the course of the fighting, a part of the Donbass has actually been lost, as well as the Crimea, where Russia has taken strict preventive measures to prevent violence and is currently building a strategically important territory in accordance with its plans, including (and above all) military;
2499	57	Currently, the West provides Ukraine with sufficiently broad support, both material and financial and military, which however will quickly disappear in the event of an open armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
2499	59	"- and the last detail: in our eyes the Ukrainian boat boats undertaken a ""heroic"" attempt to break the Russian territorial waters, very similar to the attempt to make the Georgian boats on 10 August 2008, which, in other words, rushed into their port of Poti, already captured by the Russian army. The result of the Ukrainian provocation is known: the boats are captured together with the personal composition. They were captured relatively mildly, though with a shot, and without fatal consequences that the FSB coastal guard could do at once."
2499	61	"As a result, the ships of the Ukrainian Navy, which according to some funny estimates make up about a third of the entire military fleet, will most likely be placed in some museum (as well as the memorable ""Georgian"" Hammer) due to their complete initial disadvantage for marine battalions. During the capture was even used some kind of tarana, suspectedly reminding the sea naval of the 30th years old (although not in such a ratio of weight categories), used by the Soviet marines of the Black Sea Fleet to educate American battle ships."
2499	63	"Now you can discuss the supposed ""peaceful"" passage of the battle boats to the Azov Sea, calculate territorial waters and prove who, where he entered or didn't enter. However, it is impossible to allow armed boats to the Kerch Stream without the inspection by the FSB coastal service. In fact, it is for this reason that it exists, despite the ukrophantism and phantomic pain in relation to Crimea."
2499	65	Thus, the five-day war in August 2008 and the failed war with Ukraine brought both the western protests huge territorial and material losses.
2499	67	Results
2499	69	Georgia and Ukraine in their state are the unconditional projects of the West, directed against Russia in order to stop the growth of its potential as a competitor. There is no doubt that in the event of an open military conflict with Ukraine, the war will end with the same lightning coat of the entire territory and only with the correction of the deadlines for a great difference in the sizes of countries (Georgia and Ukraine).
2499	71	"With all the significant similarity in the development of conflicts, increasing rusophobia, the periods of ""colored revolutions"" at different starting positions, the fundamental difference in the relationship of the Russians (Russian) to the Georgians and the Ukrainians should be taken into account: the real war with Ukraine will occur, the fire to defeat the Russian army will lead only in the most extreme case, trying to make the most possible use of all the other available means and tools, the main of which is the threat of suppressing military power."
2499	73	With all the love of the Russians to the wonderful Georgian people, based on cultural, historical and religious traditions, the ethnic component should not be removed. Because the Ukrainians are the same Russians, only places strongly corrupt by the West.
2499	75	"In principle, the latter is quickly corrected by a simple 180° turn with the inscription ""propaganda"". Especially quickly, if the Kiev regime, however, will decide on a real large-scale provocation. Moreover, some people, despite the Georgian (not valuable) experience, have no other option to preserve power after March 2019 in nature. And thus, the fiasco with the introduction of a military status for 30 days instead of the 60s is only an intermediate result, and it should be expected attempts to break through any place of the fragile world, which, of course, is better for a good war."
2499	77	The Caribbean - The Caribbean Goes
2499	79	1 Today Georgia, despite the continuation of the pro-west course and the declaration of territorial claims on the lost territories, is a peaceful state with a colorless political life – few will call the name of the president, both the previous and the only winner of the elections (except that it is a woman), not to mention the policies of the second square.
2499	81	Russia is perfectly satisfied, since in the future, with the ultimate extinction of the West’s interest in the Caucasus (if, of course, the tree will not be thrown down by Armenia), the normal neutrality and normal relations of the two peoples, condemned to be close neighbors, will be possible. The same fate is expected for Ukraine. In any case, such a result, at least, would be acceptable, as it does not mean further blood in the Donbass, as it does not flow now in South Ossetia.
2499	83	"However, remembering the mental and ethnic differences known to the West, I think they are not very interested in Ukrainian neutrality, because for them it is equal to a real defeat. Nevertheless, no other actions to support Ukraine, except the cloudy bridges and loud speeches about the ""mostly attention"", is worth not expecting more."
2499	85	"The result of the maritime battle in the Black Sea is just the beginning of a big way to return home to the ""heavily damaged"" Russians. Let not even all, but only the left coast of the river, to the middle of which, as you know, not every bird will fly."
2499	87	2nd In front of Russia, difficult times are waiting, both for the inevitable peace of Ukraine and for preparation for the new, as inevitable, points of instability, and as potentially rich in provocations as the previous. What and when it will end, it is unknown, in any case, the accusations of continuing aggression - unclear. Also, as in the inevitable accusation of the disruption of a full-scale war, that happened in reality. I don’t really want to call the war a world war, although according to many authoritative estimates, all the signs of this development of the situation are already available.
2499	89	In the meantime, Russia:
2499	91	The ice fleet is drastically increasing for the conduct of commercial vessels on the North Sea Road, capable of taking on a significant part of the commodity of the Western and Eastern Hemisphere. And by the course of 2019, it will introduce a warning character for any foreign military vessels intended to walk near our northern borders. In principle, exactly the same warning as for the passage of the Kerch Stream. with all the consequences;
2499	93	Together with Iran and India intensely discusses the construction of the Transiranian Water Trade Corridor North-South (from the Caspian Sea to the Persian Gulf or the Indian Ocean), which will be another cheap alternative to the Suez Canal. Which option the corridor will go depends largely on the prospects of stability in the Middle East, including (and above all) on the final fate of Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.
2499	95	And therefore, we should prepare for a new wing of severe sanctions against those who are not willing to peace with normal competition where the habit of speaking only in the language of ultimatums. Such a place can be Pradesh, where:
2499	97	- the republic is pressed by the two sides by unfriendly regimes, in one of which in the neighboring Vinnitsk region the military status was introduced;
2499	99	More than 100,000 citizens have Russian passports.
2499	101	The Russian contingent, which was missed by the United Nations General Assembly recently (September 2018) as an international peace-building mission.
2499	103	And most importantly, the Russian contingent has no tail, which means: in the event of a massive provocation, Russia will immediately come to help its soldiers and citizens, for which it will be forced to introduce troops to Ukraine with all the outgoing international consequences. What I needed to prove.
2499	105	The carrier goes, the carrier goes.
