251	1	Nord Stream 2 is Germany's biggest problem
251	3	The Nord Stream 2 and the related energy dependence on Russia are the biggest problem of Germany’s foreign policy, the newspaper “Sueddeutsche Zeitung” writes, stressing that Germany must get rid of “the lost dependence” on Russian gas.
251	5	Such dependence existed already during the Cold War, but then it was argued that the supplier and the customer need each other and should in their own interest separate business from politics.
251	7	Germany needs Russian gas, and Russia German money, but “the President of Russia (Wladimir Putin) thinks strategically” and the issue of income has been put to a further plan.
251	9	“Russia has long implemented its strategy to divide the European Union, to isolate the individual countries, and thus to break down the strongest weapon of Europe: economic unity,” the newspaper assesses, noting that such a approach can protect it from sanctions, and also “serves the primary goal of keeping the EU and its democratic ideals at a distance.”
251	11	“The main objective of this destabilization policy is Germany, because this country has the greatest influence in Europe, and society and politics are divided in Russia’s perception.”
251	13	“Obviously there is no technical problem behind it, but a political intention that President Vladimir Putin has often and directly emphasized: if the NS2 gas pipeline is finally launched, the gas deficiency will end,” he wrote, adding that such chantage requires a difficult decision: surrender or resistance.
251	15	The approval of the NS2 gas pipeline will be the most important decision in foreign policy that the new federal government will inherit after the previous, which will force the new ruling coalition to take a position on this issue, the newspaper notes.
251	17	"As he assesses, since the problematic issue of Nord Stream 2 has been unresolved for a long time, ""the previous arguments for its construction will be weak"" - for example. If Russia cuts the gas pipeline, Ukraine and the countries of Central Europe will be able to supply the so-called gas pipeline. Reverse from Germany. The newspaper, however, points out that ""if gas is really low and German gas suppliers begin to break down every square meter, the conflict will move to Western Europe."""
251	19	There are many problems, and “the buyer is stuck in a network of dependence and his own vulnerability to chantage.” In this situation, the outcome is only one - the Germans have to get rid of dependence on Russia by finding other sources of supply, alternative sources of energy, the firmness in interpreting the supply contract and finally the political decision to close the gas station - the newspaper assesses.
251	21	“Not only Ukraine becomes a potential target through Russia’s gas policy, Germany is also falling into a lost dependence. The problem does not even decline,” the Sueddeutsche Zeitung summarizes.
251	23	Marzena Szulc (PAP)
2510	1	War in Ukraine: the latest news.
2510	3	War in Ukraine live: below in the points we present a collection of the most important information from the war front in Ukraine and the Polish and world economy.
2510	5	Currently, Russian actions outside the Donbass have no character that would prove the Kremlin’s aspiration to occupy further areas, the experts of the Centre for Eastern Studies say. The Russian units are limited to the so-called improving the tactical situation and expanding defence positions.
2510	7	However, the information of the U.S. intelligence agency, to which the OSCE is calling, may prove that Russia does not give up its plans for further expansion in the direction of Zaporozh, the Crown Hill and Christmas.
2510	9	Finland and Sweden formally submitted an application for membership in the NATO on Wednesday 18 May. The proposal is considered one of the most significant changes in international security in decades.
2510	11	The evacuation of soldiers from the Azovstal hunt is ongoing, who surrendered after many weeks of hard resistance to the Russian occupation. It ends with one of the hardest and hardest battles in this war. President Zelensky said in a conversation with French President Emmanuel Macron that the evacuation is under the supervision of the Ukrainian authorities in the manner of exchange of war prisoners, but they do not provide details about the operation. It is currently unknown how many people are still in the Hut, and how many are already in the territory of Russia. Their further fate is also under question, since it is unknown whether Russia, in accordance with the agreement, will decide to exchange war prisoners.
2510	13	The Russian occupation of Mariupol lasted more than ten weeks. The resistance of Ukraine significantly delayed the possibility of Russia to gain full control over the city and caused major losses of Russian forces.
2510	15	In recent weeks, Russia has released the senior commanders that are believed to have failed in the early stages of the invasion of Ukraine, the British Defence Department said, “This is likely to be even more burdened by the centralized model of leadership, as officers are increasingly trying to entrust key decisions to their boss. Under these conditions, it will be difficult for Russia to recover the initiative” in the armed operations, the ministry’s experts indicate.
25100	3	Donald Tusk says he will conduct a pilot on the shortening of the working week. His political opponents accuse him of stealing other people’s ideas, hypocrisy and making empty promises. Is a four-day week of work meaningful? According to some economists, changes are inevitable. But now it is not the right time for them.
25100	5	A few days ago, Donald Tusk announced that his electoral proposal would be to shorten the working hours of the Poles. “In Poland we should, and this will be my proposal, if we win the elections – I apologize: when we win the elections – to start the program of the short working week as soon as possible,” he said in Szczecin during a meeting with young people Meet Up New Generation of the Civil Platform.
25100	7	"The program could be based on a shortening of the working day, for example. up to 7 hours or a week of work up to four days. There is no reduction in wages. The implementation of the reform throughout the country would depend on the positive effects of the previous pilotation. To the election, Tusk has to present his detailed project. The topic was quickly attracted by other politicians. First, Adrian Zandberg from the Party Together pointed out that his group had presented a similar proposal a few years ago. In 2018, the party gathered signatures under a civil draft law on the shorter working time by 7 hours, without a reduction in wages. “7 hours are more time for the family and for the development of interests,” the Party Together project was promoted. “I offer 7 hours of work a week! Or not - in a month,"" said then Boris Budka from the PO, whose post in social media politicians of the Party Together did not hesitate to remind now. Zandberg ironizes that he does not doubt the spiritual change of the PO politicians, but recommends voting for the party, which is the actual author of the proposal. In turn, Robert Biedron from New Left indicated that his group would submit a draft law on a four-day working week and see what will happen. “We will check Donald Tusk and all the PO members, as well as other groups, whether they will support us during the vote,” Biedron said in one of the TV shows. Hanna Gill-Friday from Poland 2050 stated that there is nothing against the experiment. For this, Szymon Hołownia, the leader of Poland in 2050, the idea stroped: “It is really difficult to understand the purpose of the discussion of a four-day working week in a time when people do everything they can to earn more, so that it will finally stop missing,” he wrote on Twitter."
25100	9	Tusk promises 4 days of work. Stay up for 6 days
25100	11	The strong opponent of the proposal is Artur Dziambor from the Freedom Party. “The four-day working week is an increase in the costs of operating companies by 25 percent,” the deputy said. Unless, as he says, a shorter working time will be linked to a reduction in wages. According to him, the time of work in the company depends on the employee's agreement with the boss. And imposing them for a shorter working time, strikes their freedom. Artur Dziambor also has no doubt that by presenting such a proposal, Tusk accuses the network of a younger, more leftist electorate. He is followed by Sławomir Mentzen, the chairman of the Congress of Polish Business, a member of the KORVIN party. “If someone thinks that going to work four rather than five days a week increases productivity, then let it lead your company and with this patent you get out of the competition,” Sławomir Mentzen laughed on Facebook.
25100	13	The proposal was also addressed by PiS President Jarosław Kaczyński during his visit to Grójc. He claims that the idea should worry the voters.
25100	15	I promised a four-day week of work. If you take into account how it was with their previous important promises, then it will be six-day! I see it in the eyes of the soul. First for two months four days, then the saying: but the society has not grown up, it has not succeeded, but now it has to be done, six - said Jarosław Kaczyński.
25100	17	Beata Mazurek from PiS reminded that the PO voted against free Sunday in trade. And now suddenly this party wants to be the messenger of shortening the working time. According to her, Tusk is a “dangerous populist.”
25100	19	Waldemar Buda, Minister of Development and Technology, said: “As he had to lower taxes, he has raised them. As he had to lower his retirement age, he had raised him. I’d be afraid if in this performance, behind this solution are not the working Sabbaths,” he told Polsat News. And he added that PiS also conducted calculations for the four-day working week. He also stated that the current economic situation is not favorable to the introduction of such changes.
25100	21	Currently, the government is focused on the implementation of flexible forms of employment, among others. Remote work (the government draft law is in the Seime, it has been passed to the Seime Extraordinary Commission). Reducing a week of work does not come into play. Marlena Maląg, Minister of Family and Social Policy, on an antenna of the Polish Radio reminded that today nothing stands at the obstacle for the employer and the worker to agree on a shorter working time if there is such a need.
25100	23	We want to work less. Not less to earn
25100	25	The proposal to shorten the working time may have electoral potential. Hays’s survey shows that the four-day work model likes 96 percent. The respondents. On the other hand, the shorter working week and the resulting reduction of wages by 80 percent, supported only 19 percent. and surveyed. Another study, the Polish Labour Market Barometer, showed that in addition to the medical care package, the four-day working week is the most expected bonus by employees. The initiative of Donald Tusk can be regarded as an element of the pre-election game. This is also not the first time that we look at a young, leftist electorate. The other thing, whether the PO in this flirting with a less or more leftist voter is reliable. Tusk, talking about a four-day week of work, didn’t say much. He indicated, among other things, that this is not the answer to today and that taking into account the pandemic experience and the working automation awaiting us, the challenges of working time will need to be taken seriously. The simple electoral promises and the expectations of the electorate are one, and the other - whether in our realities such a solution has any sense at all.
25100	27	Different rankings (data vary depending on the research methodology) put us in the top of the most developed nations in Europe. According to the report “Working time in 2019-2020” prepared by Eurofound, Poland in 2020 worked an average of 1848 hours. In Germany -1574 hours. A detailed survey. The year was conducted by UCE Research and Son of Poland. According to the study, 21% of people worked more than 8 hours a day. participants in the research. In turn 13 percent. The respondents worked 9-10 hours, and 8 percent. - more than 10 hours a day (804 professional Poles were asked). The Eurostat survey shows that in 2021 the average working time in Poland was 40.3 hours. Weekly. According to this stop, the Serbs worked more (43.3 hours) and Greeks (40,6 hours) The shortest time. The year was working in the Netherlands, with an average of 31.6 hours. Weekly. Then in Norway (34.2 hours).Denmark (34.8 hours)Germany (35.2 hours) The researchers found that in the countries with the highest number of jobs, the lowest hourly fees are paid. So, will the reduction of working time automatically improve its efficiency, and what are the economic parameters? This is not the case, the economists say. The shorter working time and higher wages can be the result of the development of the economy, not its engine.
25100	29	The key to shortening work time andining wages is to increase work efficiency. The aim is to produce the same value of products or services with less working hours. And this requires progress in automation, robotics, the application of new technologies and artificial intelligence. Investments in these areas are needed. Short work is the inevitable direction in which the world is moving, but implementing this direction is a matter of at least a decade. This cannot be done in a revolutionary way, it is an evolutionary, long-lasting process, says Andrzej Kubisiak, Deputy Director of the Polish Economic Institute.
25100	31	Poland is not the UK.
25100	33	So far, no country has decided to legally introduce a four-day working week. Although, of course, some companies, especially during pandemic exacerbations, have made working hours more flexible. There are countries where daily working hours are shortened. 7 hours in France. Pilots for the four-day working week were conducted on a different scale, among others. in Japan, New Zealand, Iceland. In this recent state, pilot participants noticed that they were more productive, less stressed and better balanced between work and free time. It should be added here that the test was attended by officials from government institutions and the City Council in Rejkiavik, and the investigation lasted 4 years. The experiment is currently being conducted in Spain and the United Kingdom. The British pilot, which launched in June, is the largest ever, comprising 3,000. employees of 70 companies. Its participants are scheduled to work 32 hours a week for a half year, without a wage reduction. Experts emphasize that even if the solution works in another country, it may prove that we do not, or that we do not immediately. The specificity of our economy is different from the specificity of our economy. The British. Small companies dominate. And it may be more difficult to make technological changes.
25100	35	The share of high-developed sectors in the UK economy is higher than in Poland. Our economy is still largely based on sectors in which the working hours are important and determine the success of the company. We should wait for the completion of the pilot, and only then consider such an experiment in Poland - adds Andrzej Kubisiak.
25100	37	“This idea is harmful.”
25100	39	Reducing working hours in our country can be problematic in some sectors. Especially those who are suffering from the lack of employees. This applies to the medical industry. If we shorten the working week, the availability of the doctors will be less, or there will be a fictional shortening of the working time in their case. The medical staff will have to take additional dishes to complete the staff gap. In fact, it will work the same as it is now. The question is, what about the business or gastronomy? Will entrepreneurs stand to maintain the continuity of their if the employee’s working week is 4 days?
25100	41	Cezary Kaźmierczak, Chairman of the Association of Entrepreneurs and Employers, has no doubt: the idea is harmful, infantile and distracted from reality. And some Polish politicians, not only from the PO, reporting such a postulate, behave as if we were a second Switzerland.
25100	43	“Poland is a pretty wealthy country on the background of the world; but on the background of Europe it is no longer the same. Poland has less than 60 percent. GDP per capita in Germany. Germany is one and a half times more productive than Poland and has a higher productivity. If we continue to effectively pursue them, as we have been running for 30 years, and reach the level of life of these rich Western countries, we should not work less, but more to get equal with them,” said Caesar Kaźmierczak, citing the PAP.
25100	45	According to Prof. Jacka Męcina, the Lewiatan Confederation Board Advisor, a four-day working week in our conditions would involve a reduction in wages and a reduction in the number of employees.
25100	47	A simple reduction of a working week from 5 to 4 days means that productivity is generally reduced. The salary should be reduced by about 20 percent. It is not possible to accept the argument that the reduction of working time will be compensated by the increase in performance, because such guarantees are not and there are not always such opportunities. French experiences from the late 1980s. The age showed that the reduction of working time was not compensated by the increase in productivity at all, and the cost of such a solution to the employers cannot be agreed. This would lead to a decrease in the competitiveness of companies and difficulties in the entire economy, says Prof. Jacek Męcina.
25100	49	According to him, the present time, especially in the face of a possible recession, is not the best for experiments. However, the proposed solution cannot be completely rejected. In automated sectors based on modern technologies, a reduction in working time in the future will be desirable.
25100	51	- First of all, such a space will appear in industrial sectors, but also in modern services. Investments in robotization and process automation mean in the first phase huge corporate costs. The question is how we will compensate for this investment. Additionally, we need to remember thatining employment increasingly will require additional investments in raising or changing the qualifications of employees, and this also means heavy costs, says Prof. Jacek Męcina.
25101	1	Not Moscow and Beijing, but Berlin and Brussels. Pigs are looking for enemies in the West.
25101	3	The war in Ukraine actually changed little in PiS’s foreign policy, considering geopolitical threats and challenges for Poland. The Standing Power Camp is a hostage of the anti-Jewish obsession of its leader and the powerful stories of a great Poland and an equally large army of the race below Vienna or Kirchholm. 
25101	5	If false stories are sold to society, then, sooner or later, their inaccessibility to reality is overwhelmed. As with Rydz-Smigly, who believed he was the second Pilsud, that he did not give the III Rzes even a button, so that he could then internate the Romanians and leave on the fate of fate fighting still, already then on the two fronts, divisions. Let’s follow these dwarfs of the president and the rest of the rulers.
25101	7	Germany is an extremely destructive element in Europe, Jarosław Kaczyński said in an interview with the Polish Gazette. He said that Berlin’s goal is “to keep us under the shoes.” He recognised that “there is no Hitler’s madness today,” but “if we look at Bismarck, then – given other historical circumstances of course – the goals are the same.” 
25101	9	Here it should be remembered that Bismarck was not only the creator of the power of the Second Reich, but also the attacking circle of the brutal germanization of the land of the Prussian globe. So did the President of PiS see a new “Kulturkampf” in Berlin’s politics?
25101	11	Curiously, no one else, but the chairman of the NBP, even turned to Kaczynski. Adam Glapiński convinced, strongly consolidated financial markets, that one of our neighbors (there came the word “German”), plans to pull Poland into the euro zone, to build a European federation in a half year and get rid of our sovereignty. 
25101	13	This is a slightly modified echo of the words of the president that fell on the forefront in Kielts. The president said there that the Germans are not a power, but as if they used the EU as a “shadow”, they would be, and we would be under their shoes, and “but it’s a but.” PiS also returns to the narrative of repairs, which has no chance, and with which it has not yet been able to respond to a request for years, because the report on this topic is allegedly “translated into many languages.” Surprisingly, PiS is unable to get money from the Recovery Fund, and moms our eyes with unrealistic compensation from Berlin. 
25101	15	In fact, it is also difficult for Kaczynski to think about his western neighborhood. Once this is the power that wants to sweat us, where otherwise it is only on our expense that the power is planned to explore. Once the Germans are funny, another time threatening. In one city, Kaczynski says that Germany is an economic power, in the other, he turns with his arms that the purchasing power of one euro is about three gold, so not so much, and Polish doctors no longer work there, because “there is less paid than here.” 
25101	17	The President is in fear of Germany with complexes against Germany. And all of this is a political game, aimed at stimulating the society against Berlin, because it is known that without the enemy PiS cannot exist, act and lead campaigns. 
25101	19	Without an imaginary enemy that really doesn’t exist, and with which you don’t have to fight at all. Only such enemies of the PiS can overcome anything like the wrong Knight of La Mancha in the winds, stopping dangerous opponents. 
25101	21	The real enemy – Russia is returning mainly in the propagandistic scattering of inflation as the main and almost the only factor of price growth in Poland and throughout Europe. And in addition, Berlin and Brussels are deeper on our sovereignty than Moscow. And allied with Russia, China is already at all, especially President Dudze, seem to be an attractive colleague to make politics and interests. 
25101	23	Let’s go on. This reversal of the directions from which evil can go is accompanied by the constant drunk of our power – political and military. We will never allow the foot of a Russian soldier to stand on the Polish soil – the prime minister will be in the stand of national pride. But the president can always count on it. Poland is large enough to have a place where the attackers should be buried – it was drowned right after the war in Ukraine. 
25101	25	PiS puts the law on the defence of the homeland in front of the society, which for now does not result, except for the purchases on a bug, without a plan, but for the credit of future generations and questioned by many military plans to enlarge the army. 
25101	27	The Kaczynski army of Poland sees a huge, and that also has to hold us nationally. And how it would come about what, it would still be appelled to what Andrzej Duda himself suggested, asked about Putin's possible aggression against Poland.
25101	29	The potential threat exists – he replied – but just please note that in Poland there are more than 10,000 soldiers of the world’s largest army. The most powerful, best and modern army. That is, as always, first Poland is the power, and enough, we are here not a button and so on, and a moment later we are nervously looking for the eyes of the Americans. Uff, they are, and there’s even more of them recently. What a relief!
25101	31	Here, however, it is enough to remind that even at the end of last year, having U.S. intelligence findings about the approaching Russian aggression to Ukraine, PiS went with the Americans to war on TVN. Because party internal goals were more important to President Kaczynski than good relationships with our potential main defence.
25101	33	PiS is not only unable to conduct foreign policy, because in the diplomatic service there are the same unsuccessful people as in any other seat taken by the party. It is also because it represents a party interest over the righteous state. Those who breathe with relief that PiS stood on the right side after February 24, let’s not forget that this war is a “political gold” for PiS. 
25101	35	This is seen in attempts to militarize the public debate, which is intended to draw the attention of the public from the wrath and other pain. The fact that one Lech Kaczynski correctly predicted Russian plans does not mean that PiS learned anything or understood it. It remains to hope that history will never test their effectiveness as Rydza-Smigly tested. 
25102	1	Call the karavan. Greta Thunberg killed by the arguments of those who throw their hole by ecology
25102	3	The youth forum Youth4Climate in Milan was an opportunity for Grety Thunberg to come back. This time, we didn’t hear a teenager. I feel that a serious leader of the new generation is born.
25102	5	As Hamlet spoke “Words, Words, Words” Greta Thunberg from the first words hit the world leaders and they have been saying for years empty phrases about fighting climate change. Bla, bla, bla, bla with the famous words about plans, climate neutrality, ambitions - this is the only thing we hear from their mouths.
25102	7	How much is the truth in her words. Those who track all the information about the climate economy and the emerging in the world and the new effects of climate change are well aware of what Greta Thunberg had to mean.
25102	9	In the last two decades, a kind of innovation has emerged, which has become an obligatory element in the press communications by industry representatives and governments of many countries.
25102	11	There are no more communications in which there is no reference to climate change. Almost every large enterprise feels obliged to ensure that it aims to minimize or even eliminate greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, by 2040 or 2050. But as Thunberg notes, these are beautiful words that do not follow any acts.
25102	13	What is important, Thunberg has concrete evidence to support his thesis about the hypocrisy of power.
25102	15	We have been talking about climate protection for years. At the same time, the data indicate something exactly the opposite: half of all emissions in the atmosphere have been generated over the last 30 years. A third in the last 15 years. At the same time, we used to the newbie talking about carbon emission reduction plans.
25102	17	Very often the phrase “We’ll follow X or Y by 2030” represents for companies a carte blanche for no action here and now. “Therefore, we have declared to reduce emissions by 2030, so if you ask us in 2031 and now give us peace.”
25102	19	The situation is dramatic now, here and now.
25102	21	Greta Thunberg acknowledges that we currently have no technology that we could simply move on to not disturb the economy and at the same time drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
25102	23	However, this does not mean that we should work on these technologies and, in the meantime, do nothing. If we don’t have technology it’s hard. We need to change our lifestyle in order to maximize emissions now, giving scientists a few more years to develop technologies that will allow us to move to a zero-emission economy. Anyone will have to bear those costs. If we carry them now, they will be many times lower than if we take them in a decade or two.
25102	25	Will it be uncomfortable? of course. Will people get angry? as much. No one likes how he gets the comfort he’s used to. However, this comfort cannot be more important than the fate of future generations, who instead of enjoying life, will fight with the effects of our egocentrism. They will no longer have a choice, because they will be born in a world destroyed by our ignorance.
25102	27	Greta Thunberg knows what she says
25102	29	Just look at the reactions after Grety Thunberg's speech. The fact that the eighth-year-old says a brutal truth is not pleased by the majority of society, which is why people largely give up in the comments. The problem, however, is that it is right, not the majority of society.
25102	31	Hearing Grety Thunberg's speech, I see, however, that in a few years she was very evolving. The broadcast is more transparent, the noise of trembling is no longer sounded, and the hard noise of disgrace for the hypocrites in corporate governments and politicians who together destroy the Earth’s atmosphere, while throwing out further statements about the intentions to eliminate emissions for one or another year. Moreover, the event was also hosted by the organizers of the event, the Italian government.
25102	33	I have no illusion about whether the words of Grety Thunberg go into the consciousness of the rulers. It will only end up with further statements. Then everyone will go home, and companies will continue to do the same as they increase CO2 emissions.
25102	35	However, this does not change the fact that from year to year we will be oriented into how serious – in the context of the climate – situation we are. When we pay increasing compensation for the losses caused by natural disasters that are the direct consequence of climate change, we will definitely begin to act. Only one question remains open: will it be too late?
25103	1	Where is Greta Thunberg? “We will not wait until he says something.”
25103	3	The youth Climate Strike was at the peak of popularity, attracted millions of people to protests when suddenly a pandemic exploded and it was transferred to the internet from the streets. Then the new platform for meetings became Zoom.
25103	5	The online meetings were attended by activists from Europe and the United States, but also from Africa, Asia and South America. “This was the first time I finally met people from climate movement from other parts of the world. During these meetings we were able to talk to activists and activists from Uganda, the Philippines and India — people who have not been heard so strongly as people from Europe. We then began to discover that for people from those countries where climate change is already very affected, it is not a struggle for the future, but for saving what remains. Dominika Lasota from the Youth Climate Strike in Poland.
25103	7	Miti Jonelle Tan, an activist from the Philippines, said in an interview with Politico, “We are not only struggling for our future, we are struggling for our present.” Disha Ravi, an Indian activist, recognised that the ecological movement was “white,” and thanks to Zoom, she and Mitzi were able to expose their colleagues and colleagues their ignorance towards the poorest countries.
25103	9	“We have a climate crisis associated with ecology, environmental devastation, but for my fellow Uganda, the climate crisis is much greater – it is the result of decades of its country’s colonization by European states, it is the result of racism, through which its ancestors received cultural capital, and ultimately – it is the continuous experience of further harvesting the natural resources of Africa,” says Dominica Lasota.
25103	11	“If not these online meetings, where the borders of nations were not a barrier, the youth movement would not gain all those perspectives that are outside Europe—except being a white man in a privileged, secure country. As a movement we have discovered that the climate crisis is de facto one of the effects of wider social injustice — the revival of different states and communities by the “western” states and corporations — acknowledges the activist.
25103	13	Differences in approach to climate change, due to socio-economic and racial factors that broke out among the activists in Zooma, confirms Yale University’s 2019 and 2020 study. They are more concerned about climate change than people with white skin color; in this case, one person on two.
25103	15	In the wave of talks by activists on social injustices, the Youth Climate Strike decided to add another one to its proposals: climate justice. The new proposal, in addition to the demand of the states to conduct climate policies and transform the economy to reduce greenhouse gases, is now the main priority of the Strike.
25103	17	It is often said that the climate disaster stands in front of all of us, but the climate crisis is not a crisis that we all have contributed equally. Africa is 4 percent. Emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. The majority was produced by the United States and Western Europe. But when we look at who feels the most of these effects, we have the absolute reverse — North America and Western Europe are the least exposed to the impact of climate change, and Africa has measured with them for decades — says an activist from Poland.
25103	19	According to the Global Adaptation Center’s report of 2021, every third African resident (up to 2030) will experience poverty due to climate change.
25103	21	The climate justice proposal means that countries and companies that have contributed to climate change should take responsibility and take action to stop the devastation of nature. First, fuel companies should give up all new investments in fossil fuels. New projects that exploit gas, oil and coal further deepen this crisis. Today, as the Youth Climate Strike, we are conducting a campaign against the French company Total Energies. Total is building its longest pipeline in history in Uganda. We are 2022, different European leaders support the demands to end the fossil fuel era, but despite this, fuel companies — with the support of politicians — continue to work and worse, they are looking for new regions where they will be able to further damage the environment, says Lasota.
25103	23	Greta Thunberg: “You can put your climate crisis in the back”
25103	25	The activist emphasizes that such investments have a negative impact on the climate and further deepen social injustice. “The construction of a new pipeline in Uganda will take some people away from their homes, some will live at the poison when Europe’s people won’t lose anything,” he said.
25103	27	Therefore, the Climate Strike also demands that countries that are already suffering from the climate crisis receive money, some kind of climate repairs, from the countries that exploit it. “And it is not a loan, a form of loan, because something like that would continue to create an inequal relationship between them, only a payment for the damages – for the historical consequences of this terrible system that Western Europe and the United States have built,” she says.
25103	29	Africa No Filter (ANF), an organization that fights stereotypes and negative stories about Africa, conducted in April this year an analysis of the internet media, Twitter posts and Google searches from October and September 2021 in terms of what is written and spoken about Africa. The analysis showed that although Africa is faced with a global climate crisis, there are no African voices in the ecology debate — ecological activists, climate analysts and scientists. Only the European rhetoric on the climate crisis is spread to international media, including Greta Thunberg.
25103	31	"The ""problem"" with the Greece was told by third-country activists during meetings at Zooma. They regret that their voice in the ecology debates is missed when those that are more privileged, like Greta, can say how much they want. A Swedish activist already a year ago, at the Youth Conference in Italy before COP26 (United Nations Conference on Climate Change — etc.red.She said she was a ""selected young man,"" but she added that ""this was given that she was listening."""
25103	33	Greta Thunberg is a white girl from Sweden, one of the most privileged countries in the world, who with her solo climate protests inspired millions of young people to the same. But although it moved millions, it was, in my opinion, treated by many as a famous person, with which it is worth showing. Particularly politicians did everything to have a picture of Gretha, but they did not take what she said seriously. If so, we would not talk about the construction of a pipeline in Uganda, or the European Union would not further fund gas, oil and coal from Russia,” Lasota said.
25103	35	Dominica explains that Greta, after talks at Zooma with activists from all over the world, and especially those from Africa and Asia, decided not to engage in the media. Clearness and clarity communicated within the movement that he did not want to focus all his attention on himself. She acknowledged that our colleagues and colleagues from Uganda or the Philippines will talk better about the climate crisis, because they have to deal with it on a daily basis — that they lack drinking water, that their land is revealed, that they live with a heavy industry that makes us comfortable — the Polish activist explains.
25103	37	Now the aim of the Youth Climate Strike is to make as many climate activists as possible, from the most affected regions of the world, have the opportunity to speak in the media. “We want the people who most experience the effects of the mining fuel industry to be heard as often as possible. We strive to make these people meet with politicians, with people who are responsible for destructive investments in their countries, says Lasota.
25103	39	"Among examples showing how much Greta became a synonym of climate strikes, ""Politico"" mentioned the situation when during one of the ""Fridays For Future"" conferences the camera was all the time targeted to Sweden, although it was not her speaker; he spoke another activist, whom the media did not be interested. Press transmission was simple: no matter what climate activists have to say, it’s important only whether Greta says it."
25103	41	Dominica Lasota acknowledges that the climate crisis existed in the media only when Greta went somewhere and said something or when there were strikes. “Now when Greta is on the side, when he doesn’t want to be the face of climate justice, our media movement is calming,” he said.
25103	43	Nevertheless, Greta Thunberg continues its policy of being backward and this year does not participate in the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos. Instead, other representatives of the Youth Climate Strike appeared.
25103	45	“While Greta is a little shining, we are still a movement of people who believe that change is possible — with or without Greta. We want our movement not to be treated as part of the interesting story of a girl from Sweden, but to take action against the climate crisis for us. We often repeat in the movement that another world is possible. Because it is. And now we’re creating it – Lasota summarizes.
25103	47	We use the planet too quickly. Five Steps of Grety: How to Pay a Green Loan
25103	49	"The majority of the media mention about Greece comes from November 2021, when also Katarina Tubylewicz, a Swedish writer and translator of literature, published the text ""They begin to have a problem with Gretta Thunberg"" in the weekly ""Politics""."
25103	51	The writer referred to critical voices against Gretta, whose part of society in Sweden complains too much criticism of politics. Greta, starting her climate strike at the age of 15, turned to the politicians and turned all her attention to them, wanting to force them to act on behalf of the climate. This resulted in meetings with the leaders of many countries; she met the British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, former U.S. President Donald Trump, and French President Emmanuel Macron.
25103	53	Millions of people have joined its attempt to invoke politicians to change, seeing in this hope for change. Now that Greta is convinced that politics will not change anything, some of those people have the impression that in that case the previous actions were nothing, since their initiator has lost hope.
25103	55	“It has a great influence and there are such audiences—in Sweden and not only—who think she should become a mature leader, capable of compromising and conducting politics,” Tubylewicz said during an audition at Tok Fm in November 2021.
25103	57	At present, Greta Thunberg gives itself to know sporadically. In his social media, he mainly publishes photos of weekly climate feasts and protests against the war in Ukraine. The exception is the information about her plans to publish a book about the climate crisis, which she posted on Facebook.
25103	59	"The book ""The Climate Book"" is intended to be a review of the problems and challenges that are facing us as the inhabitants of the Earth. The 19-year-old wants to give a voice to 100 people: experts and activists to whom the struggle for the good of the planet is not strange. Among them were the scientists Katharine Hayhoe, the economist Thomas Piketty, the Kenyan ecologist Wanjira Mathai, and the novelist Margerat Atwood, known as the author of ""The Manual Story""."
25103	61	We have used all the resources of the Earth for 2021. From now on we are borrowing.
25103	63	“I decided to use my platform to create a book based on the best and currently available scientific data—a book that holistically discusses the climate, ecological and sustainable development crisis,” Thunberg wrote in a statement. “Climate crisis is, of course, only a symptom of a significantly greater sustainability crisis. I hope this book can be a guide that will help you understand these different, closely connected crises.”
25103	65	The book will be released in the UK at the end of October, and in the United States at the beginning of 2023.
25103	67	"The 19-year-old Swedish is a climate activist with Asperger. In 2018, she started a ""school strike to the climate""; instead of going to school classes, she appeared every Friday under the building of the Swedish parliament, calling on politicians to take action against negative climate change. The aim was to reduce greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere."
25103	69	After solo strikes and after the attitude of the teenager turned around the world media, the girl grew up as a global climate activist. In the same year she began the protest, she was invited to the climate summit in Katowice and initiated the Youth Climate Strike. In 2018, Time posted her on the list of the 25 most influential teenagers in the world, and a year later she became the youngest Person of the Year.
25104	1	by Greta Thunberg. Climate symbols without meaning [COMMENTARY]
25104	3	While the young Swedish activist Greta Thunberg focuses on the attention of the media and society around the world, her activity is practically irrelevant in terms of climate protection.
25104	5	Greta Thunberg knows almost the whole world. This Swedish teenage girl flattered with her Friday climate weights – she left school classes to protest alone in front of the parliament in Stockholm for the protection of the planet. In just a few months, the girl has become a global icon for ecologists and activists who want to stop climate change. Greta spoke before the parliaments, at the world economic forums, was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, and a few days ago, on the boat of a steam yacht, she went on a trip through the Atlantic to participate in the climate conferences in New York and Santiago.
25104	7	It should be acknowledged that this is a pretty impressive list of achievements as for a sixteen-year-old.
25104	9	However, from the point of view of the main goal of Gretha – the rescue of climate – its activity remains unimportant all the time. Sometimes it can even hurt the whole matter.
25104	11	The author of these words is aware of the anger and anger that they may cause, but he hopes that the readers will dominate at least while reading this article. Then they can get angry and angry on their will. In addition, the author would like to emphasize at the beginning that there is no so-called “Climate denialists,” on the contrary: climate change considers the greatest challenge faced by mankind. And that’s why, among other things, she sees Mrs. Thunberg’s anger and laidness, and even the dark side of all the confusion she has caused. So let’s go to things.
25104	13	Children, go and play with the soldiers.
25104	15	In her speech at the 2019 World Economic Forum in Davos, Greta said: “I don’t want hope (...), I want you to panic. I want you to feel the fear I feel every day. And only then I want you to act. I want you to act as if you were in a crisis. As if our house was burned. It burns.”
25104	17	It is hard to disagree with the diagnosis. In fact, the pace of the occurrence of climate change, their scope and strength lead to the mind of the metaphor of the burning house. Humanity has been aware of this for years. The world leaders gain knowledge about this, even from the activities of the Intergovernmental Panel on Ds. Climate Change (IPCC), which regularly publishes reports indicating the need for extensive action in this field.
25104	19	The UN Climate Summit (COP) is held in Katowice each year. Climate protection was intended to serve such international documents as the Kyoto Protocol or the Paris Agreement. The U.S. Pentagon is regularly preparing developments to analyze the impact of climate change on global security. The Pacific Islands are regularly calling through their diplomatic channels for increased efforts to protect the climate, as its changes pose a direct, existential threat to those countries.
25104	21	Humanity is aware of the seriousness of the climate problem. Why is there no solution to this issue on the horizon? Why has the world emitted more and more carbon for almost 40 years? Why are new carbon power plants built throughout the planet and the efficient and clean nuclear units are shut off?
25104	23	Well, probably because – as history shows – dealing with great affairs is not easy and takes time. This is an example of the so-called Ozone hole, a phenomenon of decline in ozone concentration in the stratosphere, caused by the use of CFC-12 freon for production, etc. Aerosols, refrigeration and air conditioning equipment.
25104	25	This problem was signaled by science in the early 1980s and has since been combated by the international community. In 1985, the Vienna Convention on the Protection of the Ozone Layer was passed, two years later, the Montreal Protocol was signed, through which all the United Nations member states introduced restrictive emissions limitations (which in turn allowed to reduce production of some of them by 90%, the decline also affected CFC-12 - the commitment to exhaust its production, by 2012 its emissions dropped five times).
25104	27	Only recent studies have shown that the ozone hole disappears, and its “depletion” may occur in the second half of the 21st century (unless anyone breaks out of the legal stricts established in this matter). Therefore, it can be said that resolving a relatively simple matter (which requires “only” the withdrawal of a particular substance and the replacement of it with a different, fully available technology) will take the conscious humanity less than a hundred years.
25104	29	Climate change, as mentioned above, is the biggest challenge faced by humanity. The weight of this problem is based on its complexity, its profound roots in the structure of the modern world, its incredibly widespread network of connections and dependencies that make the entire global civilization standing in positions if it takes a slow and rapid move in the wrong direction. Therefore, you need to explore different paths, counting on the need to take a few steps backward.
25104	31	It’s easy to cry, “Let’s go from the coal!” But it is much harder to say what we have to replace this raw material, how to force countries dependent on its burning, to exhaust their pieces and power plants, how to encourage developing countries not to reach that cheap and easy to extract and storage raw material. And all of the above questions are just the surface of the whole lake of questions to be answered before it begins to work.
25104	33	It took several decades to develop renewable energy to make sure that these powers will not effectively replace conventional units or improve the situation, for example. in African countries. It was needed billions of dollars for the electric car industry to notice that they drive cars with fuel engines only in very wealthy societies or where buyers can rely on enormous remunerations and relief. There were dozens of conferences and climate agreements needed to note that the results of these conclusions have not been effective in reducing global CO2 emissions.
25104	35	The author is of the opinion that the next decades will bring further conclusions and observations on the fight against climate change, for example on the role of nuclear energy or on the commitment to improving the energy sectors of developing countries. He also believes that only the next years, or even generations, will bring a breakthrough in the thinking of fighting climate change and in the fighting itself with this problem.
25104	37	"Today, however, we are in a powerful impasse, which is proof of the global CO2 emissions chart. Panic is not a good solution. Meanwhile, Greta has a style of conversation about climate change, which can be well described by the words of Gintrow's ""Autoportet of the Witcher"": I'm afraid of the world's mistakes. To improve mood. I am as a child in a dark closed room."
25104	39	The issue is further complicated by the fact that the climate issue has been well included in the framework of the current political games. The planet protection slogan often serves more as a party slogan to be a sincere declaration of taking real action. In this field, the example of Germany is especially bright, which – under the plate of “green” transformation – shut down its efficient nuclear power plants and strives to prevent the creation of new units of this type in the European Union. “Panicated” activists and people who are in the heart of the good climate can easily catch the beauty of this type of ecomaskirowek.
25104	41	If after reading this paragraph someone still believes that the recipe for the above problems is the figure of a 16-year-old activist, then it is worth to go to a rather distant past and call the person of Samanthy Reed Smith, an American student who in 1982 (when she was 10 years old) wrote a letter to Juri Andropov, sharing her fears about the nuclear war between the United States and the USSR.
25104	43	Samantha quickly became famous, gained interest in the world media, visited the Soviet Union, wrote a book and was called “the ambassador of peace.” The girl did not survive the end of the Cold War, died in an air crash in 1985, but even her supreme supporters are unable to admit that Samantha contributed really to the collapse of the Soviet bloc or the end of the battles between Moscow and Washington. What happened after 1989 was the result of a widespread policy, consistently conducted by the United States and its allies, shifted and improved for decades, and enveloped by the brilliant program developed by President Ronald Reagan and his administration.
25104	45	Who knows how the fate of the world would come if the U.S. government was listening to the voices of various groups who, according to their top ideas, wanted to do “love and not war” and called for, among other things. to extensive nuclear disarmament.
25104	47	Efficiency requires a quiet, subtle and detailed consideration of all circumstances, a lot of trials and experiences, the improvement of methods and the ability to predict errors.
25104	49	Nothing new
25104	51	“It’s okay,” said one of the group’s supporters. “The girl may not affect politicians, but it will raise voters’ awareness about climate change, and they’ll already choose the right people, or they’ll start doing something about it.” Unfortunately, there is a lot of evidence that increased awareness of certain dangers or harmful effects of certain actions does not turn to their reduction, fighting or avoiding.
25104	53	For example, you can use obesity and overweight. In Europe, almost everyone who graduates from primary school realizes that these accidents have a devastating effect on health and life. It is also common to know about the causes of these conditions, such as poor diet or lack of movement. Information about proper nutrition and the need to take care of fitness comes not only from the school education process, but also from the media, pop culture or social campaigns.
25104	55	In addition, almost every packed food product has an energy value expressed in calories on its packaging, making it easier to balance the diet. Therefore, it can be stated with full responsibility that the awareness of the causes, significance and effects of overweight and obesity is very broad. Unfortunately, it is in no way translated to combat these coincidences – according to the European Commission, the percentage of society facing weight problems is growing dramatically in the vast majority of the EU countries.
25104	57	Similar things happen with other factors directly affecting people’s lives and health. The general awareness of the harmfulness of smoking did not eliminate this imposition in societies, the same scenario met the general awareness of the harmfulness of alcohol abuse. Every driver asked on the street would confirm that he is aware of the dangers that it and other road users drive under the influence of alcohol, and despite that the police arrests thousands of car users every year, and those who failed to stop in time, hurt and kill themselves and others.
25104	59	So if people, even though they realize the harm of their own actions, are able to cause harm or danger directly to themselves, is it reasonable to count that they will not cause such harm or danger to the climate?
25104	61	Other Greta supporters assure that her person will move the hearts of hundreds of millions of people around the world, including decision makers, encouraging them to act for the climate. Well, taking these words for a good coin should be admitted that for example. It costs hundreds of thousands of human beings to live in the war in Syria, which they have caused, among others. As a result of climate change, she had a lower potential to “moving the heart” than a 16-year-old girl who now runs through the Atlantic on a luxury racing yacht.
25104	63	Greta, the superhero of Facebook
25104	65	Climate Affairs is a comfortable space to meet the needs of the psychic in terms of thinking about yourself as a good person. People want to perceive themselves as wise, honest and good, they want to support great things, increasing their sense of self-value.
25104	67	All this makes the climate becoming more and more a food for slacktivists - people who support a given matter in a simple and unambiguous way, just to improve their well-being by belonging to a given movement. The Slacktivism was the Bring Back Our Girls campaign, run on social media after the kidnapping of 276 Nigerian students by Boko Haram in 2014. Although millions of people around the world have participated in the campaign to post photos with the title of action on the internet portals (including, among others. Michelle Obama, then First Lady of the United States, is almost half of the kidnapped girls are still being sought. 
25104	69	Side Effects
25104	71	The activity of Grety also carries side effects, consisting of removing from the climate issue all those for whom raising a 16-year-old girl to the symbol of climate change seems at least grotesque. Similar influence can also have the creation of an atmosphere of panic around climate change – as Dr. Tomasz Rožek said in an interview with Energetyka24, it is impossible to persuade anyone constantly to the matter with fear.
25104	73	His role in this matter has also been played by the fire of Grety’s defenders in attacking all those who dare to criticize or even doubt the meaning of her activities. The old conspiracy says that the goal sanctifies the means – it is not possible to avoid the impression that in the case of a Swedish activist her top goal has sanctified her herself for life. What Greta does and says can only be spoken in the superlatives themselves.
25104	75	A successful example of this situation is an attack on the editor of one of the German newspapers, who described the Grety's journey by yacht through the Atlantic, saying it is more emissive than the flight by aircraft, because some of the crew will return from America just by airlines, which will have more negative impact on the atmosphere than if Greta had chosen off the ocean by air. Such statements – although supported by evidence – met with the violent and aggressive reaction of readers who beat the journalist in comments under his article and on his social media.
25104	77	Note bene, the facts described by him make the trip of Grety a fairly comic project, which also does not remain without influence on the social reception of the whole event.
25104	79	We need Activism 2.0
25104	81	Let’s summarize, therefore, that the activity of Grety does not push the climate change. The young activist will not represent the process of shut down German nuclear power plants, will not exhaust Chinese carbon power plants, will not solve the energy problems of the Third World countries. Similarly ineffective is this mythical “climate social consciousness”, which sometimes manifests the characteristics of slacktivism.
25104	83	Someone may ask: why do we then engage in any climate activism? However, taking into account the above arguments, from the ground you can assume that nothing can be done, that all efforts are condemned to failure.
25104	85	As mentioned above, the world is in a climate impasse, which will surely be broken down, but in the future and using other means than those used so far, because these are simply ineffective, focused on the parts of the whole. The same goes for activism – those actions that are point-to-point, in the case of individual cities or regions, do not result in extension to a global scale (which does not take the meaning of activity in the microscal).
25104	87	The activity of Grety does not solve this problem. Its movement can serve as an arc that will bring energy and social commitment to the future, to a new form of activism – but it is not applied to it, because the world obviously corresponds to that (ineffective and burning its own potential) form of action. However, it is necessary to keep in mind all the time that the whey is only a means, not a purpose, and in itself it will not be a recipe for climate change.
25104	89	And the formula of effective climate activism, activism 2.0, which is so comprehensive and exhaustive to cope with the mild climate change, is just to be invented. Avoiding the question of effectiveness, which consists in a 16-year-old figure, is not a step in this direction.
25105	1	Category: Rescue Greta 
25105	3	Greta Thunberg is a phenomenon. The founder of the “Fridays for Future” movement inspires millions of young people to fight for climate protection. Why is she? [ Commentary ]
25105	5	Greta Thunberg at the UN
25105	7	More than 185 million – this is the Google search engine’s indication when we enter the word “Greta Thunberg”. This number increases with each day. This shows that we are facing a global media phenomenon. No matter what he does, Greta Thunberg is observed and quoted. The media spy words out of her mouth.
25105	9	She is called a climate activist who launched the “Fridays for Future” movement, inspired millions of young people to be more committed to climate change.
25105	11	Greta Thunberg is meeting with the heads of states, speaks at the UN forum, receives awards. It is listed among the 100 most influential people in the world. There are biographies about her, even a book with her speeches. And that’s all at just 16 years old!
25105	13	How is it possible? The oldness of what he says is not new. He continues to emphasize it. They don’t attribute any discovery. Instead, it calls on people to make what has been known for a long time and what, in her opinion, has already been scientifically learned enough, to finally get to know and take the appropriate steps. So why is she? Where does this media shock come from?
25105	15	The boy from the picture spoke.
25105	17	In the past, there have been times when something was hanging in the air when something was mature. And then on the horizon appears someone who indicates it and who writes it – visible and understandable to everyone. It is as if the spirit of time finds a spokesman. In this case, she is a sixteen-year-old.
25105	19	She is young and looks younger. When he speaks to us, he looks at the child’s face. Many people move deeply. Many cultures know this. In the Christian world, it is a child who saves mankind. In Nepal, the chosen girls are honored, to reach maturity, as Kumari – the child of the goddess. The children are innocent and clean. They tell the truth that adults try to ignore or hide. Or, looking from another point, they make the truth become noticeable.
25105	21	US President Donald Trump and Greta Thunberg in New York
25105	23	And here is, Greta Thunberg, the child of our time, who tells the truth. The one who looks at us, the adult, in the eyes and calls us liars. And we look like a fool, scratching and visualizing in its form our desires, desires and fears. We see a child who saves us. by Hosanna!
25105	25	Now we can calmly get out in the chair and relax.
25105	27	White and Black Truth
25105	29	Greta Thunberg, however, has another important feature that is responsible for this global hype. It is the master of escalation and simplification. This is a character that he shares with many populists.
25105	31	It is difficult for another field of scientific research that is so complex and inaccurate in its analyses and results as climate research. But in Grety’s speeches, everything is reduced to apparent clarity and simplicity, as if it were about the principles of Newton’s dynamics.
25105	33	Author of Zoran Arbutina
25105	35	“Start finally listening to the scientists,” he calls, as if there was no one among them and those who perceive the climate problem in a slightly more complex way. Greta Thunberg will put the world in only two colors – black and white, everything between is rejected. There are radical answers to complicated questions. Calls for action, here and now. No time to think or doubt. “Don’t think about it, just act, our house is burning!” – this is a message that everyone understands.
25105	37	Greta Thunberg has a clear and insightful message. The same goes to Twitter. Optimal for the media world, loving crying titles and demanding simplifications. This makes it so effective.
25105	39	On the way to the UN Climate Summit in New York, Swedish activist Greta Thunberg stopped in the brune coal depth. She was “shocked.” (11.08.2019)
25108	1	Climate for Grety Thunberg
25108	3	by Greta Thunberg. The magazine “ID” on the first page wrote about her: “The Girl Who Changed the World” (photo. Anders Hellberg/ WikimediaCommons, CC BY-SA 4.0)
25108	5	Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg has become the world’s most famous climate activist. The media does not want to write who is behind it.
25108	7	On the “Time” cover next to her photo stands: “The teenager who strikes for the planet.” The Guardian called it “a breakthrough of hope,” and The New Yorker noted that thanks to the young Swedish “climate changes have become the topic of daily conversations.” The magazine “ID” on the first page wrote about Greece: “The Girl Who Changed the World.”
25108	9	In June, “High Obcasach” was also on the cover with the alarming title “Our house is burning.” The text is similar to many others in foreign media – about how the 15-year-old Greta Thunberg actually launched the worldwide climate defense campaign. The author writes: “There is no staff of people who would help her in the daily tasks of the most influential eco-activist in the world. They need the help of their parents.”
25108	11	Greta Thunberg
25108	13	Not completely.
25108	15	CYNK
25108	17	“I got the zinc,” explains Ingmar Rentzhog, a Ds expert. Communications and PR, which was the first through social media to inform the world that on August 20, 2018, the 15-year-old Greta Thunberg started school strike for climate. “I thought it would be a big demonstration, and it was sitting alone under the parliament,” Rentzhog says. The Swedish Influencer of the Year in the Environment.
25108	19	He does not want to disclose the source of his information. On the day of the first school strike, Grety Ingmar Rentzhog in a personal Facebook post about the survival of a “emotional morning.” He describes that just with heart pain he left his three-year-old son in the new school, and going to work, he met under Riksga (Swedish parliament) a girl “only protesting against the whole world.”
25108	21	“At the time I was there, only one passenger took a ticket from her. No one except me was talking to her. This is the way anyone who understands that we are facing a burning climate crisis. Everyone around me lives as usual, but the world will soon break down. What does it mean to pretend that nothing is happening? Greta is right. Get together for courage. Come to Parliament. Talk to Gretha and show that she’s not alone. She needs your support,” Rentzhog called. Effect: approximately 10,000 the favourite.
25108	23	The post was attached to three pictures of the sad Gretha holding a transparent with the “School Strike for Climate” and the hashtag #WeDontHaveTime – this is used by Rentzhoga’s foundation and the We Don’t Have Time foundation. Their goal is to build “the world’s largest social media platform on climate issues.” It will allow participants to exchange views, track trends, and entrepreneurs to promote environmentally friendly solutions.
25108	25	The world will learn about Greece on the same day, e.g. We Don’t Have Time is a 38-second film that tells the teenager about her action in the parliament. For foreign media, professional media information is also available on the Medium.com platform. The following day, Rentzhog wrote with enthusiasm on his Facebook page: “School strike has been one of the most effective methods to spread knowledge about climate issues not only in Sweden but also in the world.” His first post on Greece has reached 1 million users on social media.
25108	27	More than 4 million on #ClimateStrike today. in 163 countries. And counting...— Greta Thunberg (@GretaThunberg) September 21, 2019
25108	29	Book
25108	31	Fear of climate change appeared at Grety Thunberg after watching a school educational film about the Great Pacific Waste Flame. She was eight years old, depressed, stopped eating and going to school. Worried parents long sought help, visiting dozens of medical offices.
25108	33	My mother and father are important in this story. Malena Ernman is an opera singer and singer (represented Sweden at the Eurovision), and Svante Thunberg is an actor and producer. Ingmar Rentzhog complains today that that memorable day of the strike Grety didn’t know anything about her parents. He also says he didn’t know about the book “Scenes from the Heart” published just a few days earlier by the Grety family, which is their personal manifest for climate rescue.
25108	35	It is in this book that parents openly acknowledge that the refusal to eat and the significant weight loss of their daughters was the reversal point that initiated the ecological revolution in the family. The state of Ernman-Thunberg describes how all the four (Greta has a younger sister, Beat) stopped using single packaging, buying new, unnecessary things, and flying on aircraft. Under the influence of the daughter, the parents also bought an electric car and went to vegetarianism.
25108	37	From the book you can also learn that the climate movement that Greta started was invented by her father Svante Thunberg. A few years ago, he accused his acting career of publishing articles and giving lectures on the climate crisis. While in London with her younger daughter Beat, Svante observes tourists from all over the world making selfie at the Tower Bridge and “drinks of a climate movement that’s not yet, because it just has to be formed.”
25108	39	In the book there is also information that Greta can’t normally attend school because she was diagnosed with Asperger’s syndrome. The fact that despite these burdens, and even thanks to them, the young Swedish struggles for the good of the planet, has taken the media.
25108	41	The first protest of Gretta in the second half of August. The school year began in Sweden and occurred shortly after the biggest forests burned in this part of Europe for years. It was the final of the election campaign to the Swedish parliament. Initially, the action was to have a local dimension and last until the day of the elections, that is, September 9, 2018. This procedure helped interest the Swedish media, which, looking for original pre-election topics, quickly appeared on the site. Photographs of Grety’s strike strike around the world.
25108	43	Initially, there was no talk about the famous parents of Gretha or the book published by the Ernman-Thunberg family. In the public TV SVT material appeared information that the girl's father refuses to speak in front of the camera. He didn’t want to answer the question if his daughter should not be in school at this time. He only urged the media to focus on climate threats.
25108	45	On the contrary to the announcement, Greta Thunberg will not end his action after the autumn parliamentary elections. On Facebook, Twitter and Instagram (this day has hundreds of posts, millions of observers) she began to inform that from now on she will strike under parliament every Friday.
25108	47	Her posts are regular and quite professional as for a 15-year-old. A number of protests occur outside Stockholm, among others. In Helsinki, Copenhagen and Berlin, an activist arrives everywhere by train or train. He is in Vienna with his great fan Arnold Schwarzenegger. On another photo, she is covered by Al Gore, the real pioneer of the climate struggle, as the signature announces. Hundreds of lakes also collect photos of Gretha with her two labradores. Many reports show that despite the strike, the teenager urgently learns. When on Friday 17 May she appears before parliament only afternoon, under the photo she reports that that day she had an examination at school.
25108	49	The goal of Gretha is to implement the provisions of the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement. To ensure this, the young activist and her father take a train to the December COP24 climate summit in Katowice. The UN Secretary-General António Guterres. On social media profiles, the teenage posts her photo on the background of the conference logo and a video with her own speech.
25108	51	In Sweden, on the other hand, a number of students are joining the parliamentary Grety action on Friday, but it’s hard to talk about mass weights. All classes are under the care of teachers. In the coming weeks, the representatives of other professions will be joined in the framework of solidarity. In Stockholm, the parliament has the motto: “Musicers for the Future”, “Princesses for the Future” or “Designers for the Future”. Many people come with their own table just for a moment to make selfie.
25108	53	The frequency is different. Some five people are literally striking.
25108	55	In the world of social media, protests are growing, and the integrating hashtags #ClimateStrike and #FridaysForFuture are emerging.
25108	57	Politicians
25108	59	Meanwhile, when Greta is not striking, she visits the World Economic Forum in Davos, telling billionaires that they’d be arriving there by private rebuilders. He goes to the Vatican where he meets Pope Francis. He speaks in the European Parliament and in the British Parliament. Its activity is observed. The young activist is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize (the Nobel Peace Prize). Norwegian parliamentarians), and the weekly “Time” puts her on the list of the most influential teenagers in the world.
25108	61	The Fridays For Future Movement has the ambition to combine all the events organized in the world to the Grety action model. On FridaysForFuture.org you can report your own demonstration, learn how to organize the protest and what to write the passwords. Read the words of Gretha. On 24 May, a million people from 131 countries and 1851 cities participated in the protest. The event is known as the Youth Climate Strike. Each month, the so-called Global strikes, then the action is accompanied by marches and concerts. Unfortunately, before the European Parliament elections.
25108	63	“Grety Effect” – according to commentators, the results of those elections, in which the Green Party group achieved unexpected success, gaining 40 percent. increasing the number of mandates (69) and significantly increasing its impact on EU climate policy decisions. In Western and Northern Europe, women and young people were mostly voting for the Greens. These groups are visible in the demonstrations organized on the pattern of the Grety Thunberg action.
25108	65	– Demonstrations, photos with famous people, but also private photos with dogs. Her social media profiles contain everything that allows her to go with her on a journey aimed at saving the Earth, says Emanuel Karlsten, a well-known Swedish media analyst. According to the expert, the strongest side of Grety is controversial uncompromising. His attitude causes interactions. It seems impossible to only use trains or not take your luggage with you, says Karlsten.
25108	67	GREAT
25108	69	Ingmar Rentzhog, in a press interview, does not hide that the We Don’t Have Time Foundation – like Grety – is aiming to put pressure on politicians. However, the way of the pineapple and teenage girls split in February of this year, when the newspaper “Svenska Dagbladet” reveals an article revealing that Rentzhog used a young activist to earn 10 million crowns from investors for the development of his business. In the broadcast prospectus, the name Thunberg is listed up to 11 times as the big asset of the company. Greta Thunberg since October. She has become a youth adviser to the We Don’t Have Time Foundation, which is the main investor of the company with the same name.
25108	71	There was no conflict between us. Just Greta informed that in connection with the development of her business there is no time for us – explains me the end of the collaboration Ingmar Rentzhog. She explains that the prospectus is a legally required document in which she could not hide her relations with Gretta and she did not receive any remuneration. “I have not created it, nor have I used it,” he says.
25108	73	"On the other hand, Svante Thunberg in an interview with the ""Svenska Dagbladet"" regretted that the name of his daughter was used for commercial purposes. “We didn’t know about it. The relationship between the foundation and the company should have been more transparent to us,” he said."
25108	75	After the publication of the article, Greta Thunberg issued a long statement written in English. The activist said she “will dissolve rumors about her person and school strike to be able to focus on science.” She explained that in May 2018 she was the winner of the competition organized by “Svenska Dagbladet” for the best article on climate protection. Interestingly, she said that after his appearance he contacted her, m.in. The environmental activist Bo Thorén, who had to propose several different actions. I liked the idea of a school strike. I tried to encourage others to protest, but no one was interested. “When I told my parents about my plans, they were not happy. They said that if I had to do it, I would have to do it myself, without their support,” she wrote.
25108	77	He also said he started his strike in the parliament. “The first thing I did was to post news about the strike on Twitter and Instagram, and it soon became a viral,” she said. According to her version on the site, journalists quickly appeared, and one of the first people arrived was the climate movement entrepreneur Ingmar Rentzhog. “I’ve never met him before or talked to him. No one stands behind me. Beyond me,” she emphasized.
25108	79	The activist also explained that her strike started in August 2018 was not intended to promote the book published by the family. “This book was supposed to be published in May, but the conflict led to a delay in publishing and a change in publishing,” she added, adding that the potential profits from the sale will be allocated to ecological organizations, animal protection and mental health.
25108	81	Supporting
25108	83	The book “Scenes from the Heart”, published in Sweden by Polaris, quickly became a bestseller. On the cover of the first edition was seen the face of singer Malena Ernman, the rest of the family members were mentioned as co-authors. In the second edition, instead of the mother, there is already a photo of Gretha sitting under parliament. In the Danish edition (the book was published in nine countries) the name of Greta Thunberg was also highlighted, making the impression that she was the only author.
25108	85	After an article in the “Svenska Dagbladet” revealing the relations of Grety with Ingmar Rentzhog, the Ernman-Thunberg family is trying to avoid partnerships with the PR industry. He refused m.in. Acceptance of the Grece and Fridays For Future Titan Awards awarded by the Swedish Association of PR agencies and advertising offices Komm. Gretha was appreciated for “innovative communication that inspired people.” In response to the rejected decision of the family, Komm President David Orlic wrote in a letter to Gretta: “This resignation shows our industry what the new generation of citizens and consumers are expecting. We see you, we hear and we admire you.”
25108	87	Journalist Andreas Henriksson, a freelancer who was the first to write about the relations of a PR guru with an activist, believes there is nothing wrong in using PR activities. It is a modern way of forming public opinion. I don’t understand why the family of Grety and Rentzhog tried to hide cooperation. Per because it’s easier to “sale” the movement that has grown from the bottom?” – he wondered in a conversation with TV SVT.
25108	89	So does Greta Thunberg not use the help of professionals at all? Not completely. Helena Iles from the three-person Iles PR agency, which previously worked with Polaris, TV SVT and media tournée of Swedish stars, is responsible for the adolescent’s contacts with the media.
25108	91	There is no PR campaign. I’m working charitable – I complain in a conversation with “Press” Helena Iles. At the demonstrations, he instructs a teenager where to approach and how to set up to photographs. David Fopp, a scientist at the University of Stockholm, works with Gretha and her father. “I’m a bit like a protector,” he said. However, his research shows that he deals with the methods of directing work with children.
25108	93	Media analyst Emanuel Karlsten proves that the Grety message is consistent and sees the work of professionals in it. It’s hard to disagree with her that there’s no sense to go to school when the future of her generation is in danger. This statement provokes and makes you think. It shows that we can’t really delay anymore, says Karlsten.
25108	95	My speaker calls the phenomenon of Friday strikes “a digital movement without precedent.” But there must be a social movement. To succeed, not just a cynical strategy is enough. Climate protests, like the former workers’ and triangular movements, have evolved because their leaders identified the problem, proposed a solution, and came to the people.
25108	97	foundation
25108	99	Ingmar Rentzhog has successfully developed the We Don’t Have Time platform. Available on the internet and in the form of a phone application allows the user for a free promotional campaign of their content after getting the first hundred positive emoticons. After the break with Gretha we don’t have time she financed among others. The May Rossen action is based on the conviction of 100,000. People to submit a declaration of resignation from aircraft travel by 2020. This campaign was also promoted during school strikes.
25108	101	Greta is 16 years old and is a minor. In Sweden, the Fridays For Future movement has no legal status, it is only an informal network that connects associations and individuals. Administratively, it is supported by the non-governmental organizations Klimatsverige and Klimatriksdagen that operate in the same area, with no greater success.
25108	103	What will the future of Grety and her Friday strike movement be? “We are committed to founding the foundation, but my daughter will decide everything,” says Svante Thunberg.
25108	105	For now, the teenager is planning to stop school for a year. He will visit New York in September for the UN Climate Summit and in December for the COP25 in Santiago, Chile. Both trips will be carried out without using a plane.
25108	107	On Monday 23 September, Greta Thunberg at the UN Climate Summit sharply criticized world leaders. I shouldn’t be here. I have to be in school on the other side of the ocean. And yet you come to us, young people, with hope. How do you laugh? “You stole my dreams, my childhood with your empty words,” she said. His speech was quoted by the world’s largest media.
25109	1	“There is a need for drastic action because the world is burning.” Apel by Grety Thunberg
25109	3	"Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg convinced on Friday at the evening in Glasgow that it is necessary ""nathetic and drastic"" reductions of greenhouse gas emissions to stop climate change, because ""the world literally burns."""
25109	5	On Friday in Glasgow, where the UN Climate Conference COP26 takes place, a young people’s march was held calling for more determined action in the fight against climate change. The March was organized by Fridays for Future Scotland, a group founded by young people inspired by the Thunberg school strike, and was the largest until now accompanying COP26 demonstration; according to British media, about 10,000 were involved. people.
25109	7	“The leaders do nothing.”
25109	9	It is not a secret that COP26 is a failure. It should be obvious that we cannot solve the crisis by the same methods that have previously influenced us. We need immediate drastic annual emissions cuts, unlikely to anything the world has ever seen - convinced 18-year-old Thunberg on the scene lifted up on George Square in Glasgow, who was the target of the march.
25109	11	Greta Thunberg criticizes the way the pandemic is fighting. “Vaccine Nationalism”
25109	13	“People at power can still live in their baths filled with their fantasies, such as unlimited growth on a limited planet and technological solutions that suddenly don’t know where they will come from, and that will eliminate all these crises. And all this is in a time when the world literally burns, stands in fire, and when people living on the first line continue to bear the burden of the climate crisis,” she said.
25109	15	She described the UN Climate Summit as a “two-week festival of what is usual, and bla, bla, bla” to “to keep everything unchanged” and “to create legal gap to benefit themselves.” Leaders do nothing. It seems that their main goal is to continue the struggle for the status quo. We know that our emperors are hopeless, she said.
25109	17	Participation of Activists
25109	19	Talks about how climate change already affects their homeland have also been announced by activists from several other countries. One of the performances was Vanessa Nakate from Uganda. In history, Africa is responsible for only 3 percent. Global emissions, and yet the African people most feel some of the most brutal effects of the climate crisis. But although the global south is on the frontline of the climate crisis, it is not on the first pages of the world newspapers, she said.
25109	21	Grety Thunberg Monument in front of the University. Students opposed
25109	23	Friday was the COP26 day of youth and NGOs, but the climate movement took place regardless of the event. His participants and young climate activists claim that their voice is not taken into account at all; as evidence, they indicate that Thunberg was not invited to the conference and came to Glasgow as a private person.
25109	25	On Saturday in Glasgow there will be another climate march – much greater, as it is expected to take part in several thousand people, to whom Thunberg will speak again. In parallel, climate marches will take place in London, other British cities, as well as in about 200 cities around the world.
25109	27	The COP26 climate conference, which Thunberg declared failed a few days ago, will last until Friday, November 12.
2511	1	The war in Ukraine is a drama of people and a threat to the environment.
2511	3	Although, without a doubt, the biggest drama of the war in Ukraine is the suffering of its inhabitants, experts warn that Russian aggression also carries serious environmental risks.
2511	5	More than 1,000 experts and humanitarian organizations in the field of environment and international law have published an open letter expressing their solidarity with the people of Ukraine. The signatories of the letter also highlighted their concerns regarding the threat the conflict brings to the environment both of Ukraine and Europe.
2511	7	Experts noted that as a result of the Russian aggression on Ukraine, toxic materials from destroyed buildings, explosive pipelines and damaged sanitary systems and fuel and chemicals are released into the air, soil and water.
2511	9	“In armed conflicts human suffering is so great that sometimes it seems unreasonable to think about environmental problems,” said Carl Bruch, director of international programs at the Environmental Law Institute and co-author of the letter. “The truth is, however, that the environmental impact can affect the sources of maintenance and public health, and also kill people by spreading diseases that otherwise would not occur,” Bruch added.
2511	11	The list notes that the impact of war on the environment will surely be long-lasting and difficult to repair.
2511	13	“When we talk about the release of dangerous materials, they are often invisible with the naked eye. So exposure to people who do not participate in the struggle – children and innocent civilians – can last years, if not decades,” said Carroll Muffet, co-author of the letter and president and general director of the International Environmental Law Center.
2511	15	At the beginning of the invasion of Ukraine, Russia attacked military facilities, including airports and fuel and ammunition warehouses, causing massive fires emitting heavy metals and other toxic materials.
2511	17	According to the British non-profit organization Conflict and Environment Observatory (CEOBS), which monitors and publishes data on the environmental dimensions of armed activities, the struggles in the Ukrainian Biosphere Reserve of the Black Sea, which is a UNESCO protected area, have caused fires that can be seen from space. CEOBS also confirmed that the actions of the Russians proved their lack of concern for both the civilian population and the environment.
2511	19	According to the signatories of the letter, an attack on a country with 15 active nuclear facilities creates an additional risk of disaster. Although the international law prohibits attacks on nuclear power plants and similar dangerous facilities, the Russians have attacked the power plant, which is the largest such facility in Europe, and have previously undertaken military operations also in Chernobyl.
2511	21	Following the warnings contained in the latest report of the Intergovernmental Team. Climate Change (IPCC), the Russian invasion of Ukraine was described as “a fierce reminder of the vital importance and the urgent need to end the world’s dependence on fossil fuels.”
2511	23	“As oil and gas drive the climate crisis, the Russian invasion of Ukraine shows how fossil fuels finance, trigger and prolong conflicts around the world. Continuous reliance on fossil fuels is as destabilizing for global peace as for global climate,” said Muffet.
25110	1	The light has already been shut down.
25110	3	The Republic of South Africa is experiencing a strong electric crisis, and the inhabitants are separated from the electricity. The situation is repeated cyclically, but the problems are increasing. The state operator since the elimination of the apartheid has been uninvested, and the company Eskom under the new leadership has not directed profits either to investments or even to proper maintenance of the network.
25110	5	Now, as in 2019, the breakdown in power supply is multiplying throughout the country several times a day. It is also cold there. Each time the exhaust takes a few hours. The public company Eskom has even warned that the residents of the RPA must prepare for at least... 100 days of power supply break in the coming months.
25110	7	The energy RPA is 80% dependent on carbon, which is not just a shortage there. However, most power plants are aging, decapitalized and have not been modernized due to “endemic corruption.” The state company has become a port and a source of financing for progressive politicians, which was visible during President Jacob Zumy's 2009-2018 years.
25110	9	In addition, the company has a strong debt. All this makes it unable to meet the country’s electricity needs today. It also does not help that the RPA energy sector has recently experienced serious strikes of workers demanding salary increases and housing benefits.
25110	11	The RPA government recently received a $7.7 billion aid during the last COP26 in Glasgow for energy transformation. Megawatts were expected to be from wind and solar energy in accordance with the government's plan adopted in 2015 Seven years later, these new sources of energy are not available. Meanwhile, the demand for electricity in South Africa may be reduced by 2040 and the socialism associated with Africanization will always have the same effects.
25111	1	Jewish people flee from Russia in fear of Kremlin plans
25111	3	Together with the crazy war that lasts for the fifth month in Ukraine, and the repressions directed against citizens’ freedoms in the country, Russian Jews fear that they may soon become the target of the Kremlin and will rush away from Russia – describes Politico, stressing that those who decide to stay in the country live in fear.
25111	5	“In our community we’re not talking about politics,” an anonymous Moscow rabin said. Following the 2011 protests related to Putin's re-election, Rabin ordered that politics must be outside the doors of his synagogue.
25111	7	Representatives of the Jewish community were more critical to the Russian invasion of Ukraine than the Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church Cyril, the Politico portal commented on Monday.
25111	9	Berel Lazar, the head of the rabbin of Russia, called for peace and offered mediation in the conflict. Moscow's deputy rabbin Pinchas Goldschmidt fled the country two weeks after the conflict began due to the pressure imposed by the Russian authorities to express support for the war. He is currently living in Israel and has announced that he does not plan to return to Russia.
25111	11	According to the knowledge of researchers and surveyors, the lives of Russian Jews have improved since the collapse of the USSR in 1991. According to the Levada Center, 45 percent. The Russians said they had a positive attitude towards the Jews in 2021, a 22 percent increase. in 2010. The Russians admitted that Jews are the minority alongside which they feel the most comfortable, but only 11 percent. He said he would be ready to have a Jewish friend, which is a 3% increase. In 2010,” the portal says.
25111	13	Ilja Jablokov, a lecturer at the British University of Sheffield, a specialist in the study of dezinformation and censorship, who took part among others. As an anti-Semitism in Russia, he said anti-Jewish xenophobia could explode at any time if the Kremlin wanted it.
25111	15	In the 1980s and 1990s, the brutal anti-Semitism of politicians was a reaction to the social polarization of Russia. In the 21st century there was economic growth, so the level of anti-Semitism decreased, Jablokov said.
25111	17	As he added, the Kremlin is now choosing the target of other minorities, and the terrorist number one has become the West.
25111	19	It is estimated to be 165 thousand. The Jews lived in Russia in 2019, meaning it was then the sixth largest Jewish community in the world living outside of Israel. In the first three months after the Russian invasion began on February 24, about 10,000. They received Israeli citizenship.
25111	21	In response to the mass migration of Jews, Israel launched a special diaspora immigration program, according to which it can be granted citizenship to people who will prove their relatives are Jews to the third generation back. The waiting time in the local councils was shortened from 9 months to a few weeks. Tel Aviv also allowed refugees to apply for citizenship after they arrived in Israel.
25111	23	Olga Bakusynskaya, a Russian journalist who moved to Israel in 2014 after the annexation of the Crimea, opened a Facebook group to help new Russian members integrate. She said that over the past few months the number of aid requests has “exploded”, and more than 3,000. Russians (and Ukrainians) have joined the group since February.
25111	25	While many Israelis have heartily welcomed new guests, not everyone is friendly. Bakushinskaya said she helped the Russians who were unfaithfully accepted by the elderly Israelis who emigrated from Russia in the 1990s and described new immigrants as “non-Jewish.”
25112	1	What would Oriana Fallaci say about it?
25112	3	The little Italian well knew who she hated and talked about this great voice, so in those few countries where freedom of speech is still valued, her books are published in millions of copies, and in others they are completely humiliated by ordinary fear. The same fear that didn’t allow to publish a certain cartoon, because there will be protests, and maybe something will fly out in the air...
25112	5	Oriana Fallaci, who died in 2006, said that there is now a completely new religion in almost all of Europe, the god of which is political correctness. Anyone who does not recognize this god is automatically convicted. and books as well. If in a country ruled by the fundamentalists of this religion some Fallaci book was imprinted, it would have to be burned immediately. Just such a modern totalism in the skin of a democratic and progressive sheep... Such a democracy, according to the writer, is no democracy.
25112	7	What is this democracy that, instead of listening to citizens, closes their mouths, gives them to the enemy, exposes to abuse and violence? What is this democracy that prefers theocracy, regains the concept of heresy and sends its children to the slaughter? What is a democracy in which a minority counts more than a majority, and counting more than a majority, it is harsh and kidnapped?! This is an anti-democracy, I tell you. It’s a crack, buja. And what is this freedom that prohibits thinking, speaking, going under the stream, rebelling, opposition to the one who invades us, or forcing us to silence? What is this freedom that makes citizens live in fear of being treated and even judged and punished as criminals? What is this freedom that wants to evaluate not only thoughts, but also feelings, and thus to show who I have to love, who I have to hate.
25112	9	Someone who has read Fallaci's book simply doesn't know in what world he lives and will probably never even find out. Per it is for him and better, because he doesn’t have to think himself, he has on the plate a whole easy and affordable worldview explained by the Novom, which, contrary to Orwell’s struggles, dominated today’s language, though not as he predicted. Words such as progress, truth and democracy – and in fact the entire dictionary – do not mean the same today as they meant before Orwell. Thanks to the political correctness, the whole dictionary gained a completely new meaning.
25112	11	Oriana Fallaci has tried to describe the world in that archaic, pre-orwell, unreferred language, which causes a cultural shock, and for many it is completely incomprehensible, or even repressive. But, as she wrote, there is fashion today, or rather foolishness, which, in the name of “Justice”, dissolves the normal words and calls the street workers “eco-workers”, “home-owners”, who rush in schools “non-disciplinary staff”, blind “visually followed”, foolish “audially followed”, bullish “movely followed”, and homosexuality “difference”... Is this not new?
25112	13	Fallaci is criticized – by those who want to criticize it – for the lack of objectivism, for the transversal truth and the sin of panic, that here we are facing the conquest of Europe, to which we gently, masochistically even insist. The Italian writer, even if she gave us only her, not always to the end, “objective truth,” she tried to shake the scenes, forced to open the eyes and name things by name. When we open our eyes and recognize that he is right, then we will have to do something with it, react in some way, because permission, she believes, is equal to collaboration. But she thought there are moments in life, “when silence becomes a sin, and speaking is a commandment, a civil duty, a moral challenge, a categorical imperative, from which there is no escape.”
25112	15	The left-wing Europe is so dependent on the supply of oil from the Middle East or today gas from Russia that it agree on almost everything. This permission for expansion and all the propaganda associated with it seems to be due not only to the left – fascinating black, red, tactile, but also to the Catholic Church, which, by its naive ecumenism, is not enough to tolerate this situation, it is also trying to build bridges between the two cultures.
25112	17	And where unhappy with the forgiveness of the crosses, the Pope will bless them continuously. The Holy Father: Why don’t you remember? Why, in the name of the One God, do you not place your brothers in the interior of the spacious Vatican? Of course, to the condition that they will not joke in the Sykstinian Chapel, that they will not joke on the sculptures of Michael Angel, that they will not shake the painting of Rafael.”
25112	19	This liberal Father was John Paul II.
25112	21	It is clear that the anti-Muslim trilogy written in this style must raise and raise opposition, but also admiration for the courage to express its views, so rare in today’s times. The disgrace of Muslims is quite understandable. They just live the way they think they should live. They are, more or less, guided by guidelines from the Qur’an, and we don’t have much influence on it as it appears... The Islamic Fundamentals, sounding in the world and putting bombs here and there, however, themselves do harm to ordinary Muslims, according to the principle that every cage has two ends. In the West, there are also political groups that want, first, to strengthen the immigration policy, to limit the cultural and religious expansion of Muslims already in Europe, and then... Who knows? The Islamic fundamentalism is damaged by Turkey, which would like to join the European Union, but now has less and less chances. Who will dare to put into Europe a state with the advantage of the Muslim population, people who, thanks to the European passport, could settle anywhere in Europe and build mosques there?
25112	23	Fallaci noted that the Muslim environments in the European countries do not intend to integrate with the societies of the settlement countries, and they want to create their own enclaves, which, in her opinion, are the patterns of expansion, a revanche for the Spanish reconquist and the battle of Vienna. When Muslims were viewed through the prism of the “Thousand and One Night Songs”, through the prism of the mosque in Kordoba, through the prism of the Turkish basars, they still had a chance to gain our sympathy. On the other hand, events such as September 11 or the Spanish and London attacks have worsened the media image of Muslims to the extent that people are just starting to fear them. They are more and more considered to be countless fanatics than the sympathetic descendants of Ali Baby. Finally, the next toms of the anti-Islamic trilogy were the reaction of the writer to the next attacks, starting on September 11 in New York. Each such event only reduces the limit of the tolerance of Western societies to the ideas of building mosques in European capitals, to the reception of further refugees from Iraq.
25112	25	Fallaci wrote his trilogy in a hysterical and unelegant language. In fact, you don’t need to write up to three books to express what she wanted to express. It would be enough for a machine copy card, or even one sufficient curse, or a challenge after every attack. Being a writer, and moreover feeling to be a consciousness of Europe is a commitment. As a result, we received three toms on the same topic, i.e. why Muslims are sturdy and why they should not be brought into Europe. Sometimes you have to trigger a scandal to be noticed, to better advertise your theses, to convince your opinions, a media scandal corresponding to every attack... Italy simply responded with its bombs to terrorist bombs. Her rhetoric in some countries therefore resulted in publication success and a hit “under the shoulder”. Other countries, however, preferred not to be exposed to Islamic protests or even repressions that touched Spain, England, France and, to a certain extent, Denmark after the publication of the cartoon of Muhammad.
25112	27	Intelligence Without Intelligence
25112	29	Muslimism is one thing, and the other, not less important, and even more important, is the attitudes of European politicians who change their views like gloves, are, according to the writer, intellectually limited and ridiculous. But it was always so. Oriana on the fingers of one hand counted historical characters who really had something to say and in a clearly positive way influenced the course of history. The rest are people worthy of contempt, cakes on the roof.
25112	31	One of the allegations directed against the author of the anti-Islamic trilogy was that she did not propose any concrete solutions for how to defend itself, in addition to advertising the problem. Well, it is really a problem with that. Democratic and open Western societies, connected with international agreements, must, whether they want or not, accept refugees from regions threatened by war and political persecution. And so it follows that until recently they were mainly Muslim countries, which, if someone wanted to be evil and took it, themselves create such a situation, such a threat to their own citizens, that it results in the waves of immigrants in Europe... Democratic leaders of Europe can say nothing but what they predict the framework of political correctness, because they are afraid of losing votes. The question of whether the correct rhetoric is just a roof of smoke behind which are hidden reasonable people who seek to find a way out of the situation, or rather, as Fallaci claims, moderations without intellect, and thus any vision. If the advantage is on the side of the latter, then we can pack... Only? Where should we escape?
25112	33	Is the flow of Muslim populations to Europe really a problem? According to Fallaci, if the amount goes to quality, then yes! We all agree that the problem is definitely Islamic terrorism. The burden of all Muslims for Islamic terrorism is the same thought structure as the burden of all Catholics for the activity of the Inquisition. Imagination that all Arabs, Iranians, and Turks are fanatic believers of Muhammad and literally follow the provisions of the Qur’an is the same simplification as the imagination that all Catholics wake up on their mouth with the name of Christ and live according to the guidelines in the Bible. So the question is, is Islam really a threat to Europe, or is it just what it seems to some people in Oriana Fallaci? And is it that the mosque in the center of the city is interfering with us, or is there really something against Islam, and if so, then why? Did Fallaci convince us, or would we prefer to continue reading “Thousand and One Nights”?
25112	35	PS
25112	37	What would Oriana Fallaci have to say? Many would rather not hear it.
25112	39	“Hunger and Duma”, “The Force of reason” and “Interview with yourself. Apocalypse »
25113	1	“LGBT conservationism,” about how the compromising supporters enabled gender revolution
25113	3	Can a gay be a conservative? Nominally so. This is testified by the factions of so-called sexual minorities acting within the parties considered conservative. These “conservative gay” have contributed – even in the UK and the United States – to the liberalization of law and the spread of LGBT anti-cultures. Why was it possible and how did it happen?
25113	5	The term “LGBT conservation” is used in relation to the term “LGBT conservation”. Lesbians, gay, bisexual and transgender people with conservative political views. During the first period before Stonewall (hosts in the New York bar of homosexuals called out in 1969 after the police charged), so-called LGBT conservatives accepted and promoted conservative ideas, including critical to homosexual subcultures. They spoke against epating in public spaces with inclinations to the same gender, in contrast to the depravation of young generations, the adoption of children by couples of the same gender, not to mention the equalization of such relations with sacramental marriages. It has been emphasized that fairly homosexuality is treated as an abuse – so far as dangerous – and immoral behavior.
25113	7	After the turmoil, the emphasis was placed on revealing and seeking to affirm a solved lifestyle in different configurations. The “conservation” of homosexuals expressed itself in their support for the government’s limited competence idea or for low taxes. The Sodomists, however, talked for the equalization of single-sex relations with the institution of marriage, for the recognition of the “homosexual family”, for equality for all minorities, and for a positive representation – even an affirmation – through the belief of the homosexual lifestyle. More and more radical “geo-conservatives” demanded the right to adopt children by single-sex couples.
25113	9	Bring us up right now!
25113	11	Decriminalization of homosexuality
25113	13	If we go deeper, we can see that the change of views among the conservatives has progressed with the spread of the illuminating heresy. First of all, the focus is on the decriminalization of homosexual acts. For example, in France, in 1791, Louis Michel le Peletier de Saint-Fargeau presented a draft of the new Criminal Code, indicating that only “true crimes” should be prohibited, and not “false offences committed by prejudice, feudalism, tax system and [righteous] despotism.”
25113	15	Therefore, the new criminal code proposed by him eliminated the crimes “caused by prejudices”. There was no talk about blasphemy, heresy, sanctuary, wizard, clergy, or homosexuality. The Criminal Code of Napoleon, issued in 1810, did not contain any provisions concerning religious crimes, homosexuality or homosexuality.
25113	17	However, Portugal became even more “progressive” and in 1852 it legalized the sodomic relations. Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, before the proof of homosexuality in 1870, only stopped the fear of “public opinion”, which at the time still considered homosexual relations not a “privacy”, but a crime. On May 15, 1871, the German Empire adopted paragraph 175, criminalizing homosexuality.
25113	19	The same happened in the UK in August 1885, under the rule of the conservative Prime Minister Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, when the Labouchere amendment was adopted.
25113	21	However, in the remote Argentina, two years later, during the period of the Conservative Republic, gender relations of people of the same gender were legalized.
25113	23	Great Britain
25113	25	In February 1954, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill declared that the Conservative Party did not intend to relieve the law against “gays.” He suggested to limit media reports on condemns of homosexuals and the police to offer treatment to every man captured on the present acts.
25113	27	In 2007, Brian Coleman, a former gay conservative member of the parliament and former mayor Barnet wrote in New Statesman that in the mid-50s the London police realized that the future Prime Minister Edward Heath had to allow homosexual acts in public toilets. She warned him to stop, otherwise he would hurt his career. Coleman claimed that homosexuals for many years “managed” the Conservative Party and therefore were protected.
25113	29	Large changes in the worldview of torys occurred after the 1957 Wolfenden Report on the legal situation of homosexuals and prostitutes was published. The report eventually called on the government to decriminalize homosexual acts among adult men who agreed to such activity. It was applied to strengthen the punishment of sodomites and prostitutes who accept sexual acts publicly (it was enough for one person to be witness to obscene acts).
25113	31	In May 1965, Arthur Gore, the leader of the Conservative Party, introduced to the House of Lords a draft law decriminalizing the sexual relations of men of the same sex in England and Wales. The law was passed by the House of Lords in July 1965 and was introduced to the House of Gmin by the conservative deputy Humphrey Berkeley, a famous homosexual. After the Labour Party's victory in the 1966 elections and the loss of mandate by Berkeley, his place as a law sponsor was taken by Leo Abse from the winning Labour Party.
25113	33	In 1967, when a law was adopted to abolish the penalties for homosexual acts, almost all members of the Conservative Party – including the future Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher – voted for a new regulation. Eight years later, Peter Walter Campbell founded the first conservative LGBT organization in history, the Conservative Equality Group of Homosexuals (CGHE).
25113	35	If you believe in the suggestions of Coleman, the “gei” and former member of the Conservative Party, many sodomites had to join the British Conservative Party and actively act for the so-called Conservative Party. The rights of homosexuals during Margaret Thatcher's rule. Why?
25113	37	The “Iron Lady” was intended to attract homosexual men “with pure elegance, female perfection, perfect clothing and determination to change society, although her government could even have an anti-Gean aura.” According to Coleman, in Thatcher’s personal attitude there was nothing that could indicate “any prejudice.” The Prime Minister had no problem with the appointment of “geois” ministers, for example. Count Avon (the son of former Prime Minister Anthony Eden). It is her government and Norman Fowler as the health secretary faced the AIDS problem.
25113	39	Coleman moved so far in his claims that he wrote that “there are a lot of gay torys who would like to sleep with David Cameron, but this portrait of Lady Thatcher is on their bed!”
25113	41	In 1980, the Government of the Iron Lady adopted a law legalizing the sexual intercourse of the same sex in Scotland.
25113	43	In 1991, the world’s first “conservative organization” of sexual minorities – CGHE – was transformed into the Torys Campaign for Equality of Homosexuals (TORCHE). A few years later the LGBTory group was formed, which participated actively in the sodomite parades throughout the UK. Over time, LGBTory has been transformed into LGBT+ Conservatives, which is currently working to promote “equality” marriages for representatives of all “sexual orientations.”
25113	45	Besides, of course, the torys party has its official lobby group, the LGBTQ lobby, which is a conservative UK Independence Party (UKIP). Her vice president was the sodomite Peter Whittle.
25113	47	In the UK, the “conservatives” have de facto led to the decriminalization of homosexual acts. It was believed that it was only a “sanitary” regulation of the legal situation of sodomites who have so far been sentenced to prison for co-life with persons of the same sex. With time, the attitude of the conservatives evolved towards the affirmation of a solved lifestyle. Traditional marriage and family were attacked, and the essence of conservation was denied.
25113	49	On October 5, 2011, Prime Minister David Cameron stated at a conference of his party that he supported “homosexual marriages” not “in spite of its conservation,” but “because he is a conservative.” Cameron changed the meaning of this concept, on the contrary, interpreting traditional values.
25113	51	The phenomenon of changing normativity of British conservatives (torys) was observed by Martin Monahan, the author of a scientific article entitled: “Tory-normativity” and gay rights advocacy in the British Conservative Party since the 1950’s. The text was published in the British Journal of Politics and International Relations in 2019. He stated that the openness to the “gays” arose from the adoption of a “pragmatic” attitude and a discreet approach, which with time became the place of celebration and affirmation.
25113	53	Just after World War II, the Conservative Party’s homosexuals introduced the issue of defense. “Gay rights in a form acceptable for the party.” They were not angry and initially did not demand an affirmation of a solved lifestyle. They first proposed the dekriminalization of homosexual acts, calling “health-righteous” arguments.
25113	55	It is not a liberal Labour Party, but conservatives proposed in 1966 a law on the decriminalization of homosexual acts and ultimately it was for the governments of the torys adopted in 2013 a law legalizing the so-called law. pseudonyms of the same sex.
25113	57	Monahan associated with Nottingham Trent University emphasizes that the sodomites within the party did not question conservative ideas, but expanded and extended their understanding.
25113	59	Although formally the rules remained the same, they were interpreted differently and intended to serve new purposes. As the Toronto parliamentarian and thinker Jesse Norman explains (2010), “in ethics [conservation] does not moralize, but works practically.”
25113	61	In the 1950s, when more than 1,000 Sodomic criminals were in British prisons because of sodomy, “conservative” messengers of homosexual dekriminalization pointed out that what adult men do privately – with their consent – can morally be regarded as “their own affair” unless they accept their acts publicly. If they violate “public dignity, then legal intervention could be justified.”
25113	63	The concept is adopted that the foundations of good public order are not derived from law, but from individual responsibility, and society, plays the function of a moral disciplinating force.
25113	65	The “gays” related to the torys pointed out that the moral law must remain stable and condemning, although the law established in order to eliminate the “inpracticity” in the matter may change.
25113	67	They appealed to Christian compassion and a sense of justice for the minority. During the second reading of the law decriminalizing homosexuality, former conservative minister Richard Wood argued that the more behavior is trying to be regulated, the less space is available for individual moral responsibility of the individual.
25113	69	Another argument was that this is not homosexuality is the main threat to the family, but alienity. However, unfaithful spouses are not punished as touchingly as sodomites. This is the reason for the dekriminalization of male homosexuality.
25113	71	In the following years, they were convinced that gay people were “conservative by nature.” Many of them work on their own account or do a successful career in the business. Many people take the burden of paying mortgage loans because they want to own a home and all homosexuals “have a vital interest in ensuring the country’s well-being.”
25113	73	The British nominal conservatives acting for the eradication of homosexuals were closer to libertarianism and neoliberalism rather than conservationism. After all, in the following years, demanding “new rights” for sexual minorities and ultimately not only the acceptance, but the affirmation of a solved lifestyle, they argued that this is the way they fight against the state’s interference in individual freedom.
25113	75	Although Coleman said that many “gayers” had swallowed into the Conservative Party under the Thatcher governments, there was also a group in the party attacked it for a fairly liberal approach in the social sphere, unlike the economic sphere.
25113	77	In 1988, the “Iron Lady” government even introduced a local government law that prohibits the local authorities “to target homosexuality promotion or to publish materials with the intention to promote homosexuality”, to promote the teaching of the so-called homosexuality. Family in a positive light, etc.
25113	79	Then, however, the image of the “gays” began to be created as model citizens, who contribute to the success of the state, do not pose a threat to the family, but can even be “a source of its support.”
25113	81	Since 2004, when Michael Howard allowed parliaments to vote on civil unions according to his own conscience, the Conservative Party has begun a rebuilding: on the one hand it was aboutining the neoliberal fountain of thatcherism, and on the other hand it was aimed at separating from social conservationism. At that time, so-called modernizers appeared, who pushed the torys on the path of progressive agenda. The main reformator was David Cameron launching an “incluential approach to ethnic minorities, women and homosexuals.”
25113	83	The Conservative Party adopted and adopted a law on single-sex marriages. And in the party brochure of 2021 it is stated that rejecting the “gays” of the possibility of marriage and the use of its benefits can be seen as “non-conservative.”
25113	85	Currently, the LGBT + Conservatives group has been strengthened by drawing up new minority proposals.
25113	87	Thus, out of the “practicity” and “discretity”, the British conservatives initiated an ordinary revolution and introduced a far-reaching social change. Everything was possible through the permission to work within a party of disproportionate rebels, first initiating internal debate, and then presenting with the draft laws that fundamentally change the position of sexual minorities in the state.
25113	89	In an analysis entitled “The implementation of same-sex marriages in 2013: the modernization of Cameron’s social agenda in the Conservative Party since 2005,” Stefan Porion wrote that “the breakthrough initiated by David Cameron” was possible with the support of other groups and the determination of Cameron himself, who considered the issue of legalizing so-called homosexual marriages as key to making the torys of the modern party “liberal conservationism”.
25113	91	To transform the party, the new leader isolated the opponents of the LGBT agenda, introduced a strict party discipline, and engaged some to work on exposed positions, binding them with the discipline of collective responsibility. Some were isolated to the end as Baronessa Young, who died in September 2002 Since then, the torys’ opposition to the LGBT lobby in the House of Lords has fallen.
25113	93	According to Philip Lynch, “Cameron’s conservative renewal strategy was largely based on Tony Blair’s strategy when he became the leader of the Labour Party in 1994.
25113	95	Blair, in turn, wrote in his memories that the Torys were under the influence of the New Labour Party, and his generation set a new paradigm: what you do in your personal life is your choice, but what you do to others is no longer. Therefore, there was a distinction between attitudes towards people (non-discriminating due to race, gender or sexuality) and attitudes towards social order. De facto, British conservationism was dominated by liberal ideology.
25113	97	Behind the ocean
25113	99	In the United States, so-called LGBT conservation is characterized primarily by libertarianism in social matters and a focus on fiscal conservation, a limited role of the government.
25113	101	The U.S. has been pushing for a long time for legal changes. Just after World War II – due to the fears that the communists would infiltrate the national security institutions – both conservative and liberal politicians sought to remove homosexuals from administrative and military positions. At that time, J. Edgar Hoover, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, conducted the Sex Deviants program, forcing sodomites to leave exposed positions.
25113	103	Until the massacres in Stonewall Inn, the atmosphere did not favor the change in the relationship to homosexuality, although, of course, it was present with the aspirations of sexual minority assimilation. The question of their so-called rights was presented as a matter of struggle for civil rights.
25113	105	The paradigm changed in the late 1960s after the revolts in Stonewall Inn, when the LGBT movement worsened the competition between the supporters of the ideology of assimilation and liberation.
25113	107	In 1972, the Gay Activists Alliance of San Francisco was established by the Gay Voter’s League, which participated in a campaign for the re-election of the Republican president Richard Nixon. Finally, in 1978 the Republican Party formed the Log Cabin Republicans (LCR) group, which aimed at fighting the California Briggs initiative that prohibits homosexuals from teaching in public schools. It was supported by then Governor Ronald Reagan.
25113	109	For President Reagan, what is true, no regulations have been introduced. The rights of the gay advanced, and the president himself criticized the “gay race” because he not only demanded civil rights; but he wanted to recognize and accept an alternative lifestyle that neither he nor the American society could tolerate.
25113	111	The changes in this matter began to occur during the presidency of another Republican – George H.W. Bush signed the law on the statistics of hate crimes on April 23, 1990. As the first federal law, it “recognizes and calls gay, lesbian and bisexual.”
25113	113	Again, like in the UK, legal changes in the recognition of sexual minority harassment occurred in the United States, not due to the introduction of them by a liberal party, but nominally conservative.
25113	115	"On November 29, 1990, Bush signed an Immigration Act that removed the term ""sexual devastation"" from the INA Act so that it could not be prohibited for sodomites from entering the United States."
25113	117	Bush changed his rhetoric and said in a television interview that if he learned that his grandson is a gay, he would “love his child” but would tell him that homosexuality is not normal and he would deny gay activism.
25113	119	Just losing in the presidential elections in 1992 for a more right-wing opponent, Pata Buchanana, Bush made a turn to the right and publicly condemned the proposal for “marriage” of people of the same sex.
25113	121	In 1994, George W. Bush, a candidate for the governor of Texas, promised to revoke any attempts to abolish the law on sodomy in Texas, and in 1997 as governor he signed a law restricting the abolition of sodomites.
25113	123	During the 2000 campaign, the Republican President did not support a single act concerning the so-called law. The rights of gay. However, in the presidential debate he said he opposed the “marriage” of people of the same sex, but he supported the laws of the state in this matter. Governor Bush became the first Republican president candidate to ever meet publicly with the “Gay” Republicans in Austin, Texas. On August 4, 2000, he received the support of Log Cabin Republicans, the largest GOP group.
25113	125	On June 27, 2002, the 43th President of the United States signed a law allowing the payment of death benefits to firefighters and police officers who died at the service, for the first time expanding federal death benefits to couples of the same sex.
25113	127	He was President George H.W. in 2013. Bush was a witness to the “marriage” of people of the same sex: Bonnie Clement and Helen Thorgalsen.
25113	129	President Donald Trump was the first Republican candidate to openly praise sexual minorities and promised that he will “do everything in his power to protect LGBTQ citizens from violence and the oppression of hateful foreign ideology.” He did this way to the shooting at a nightclub in Orlando in 2016.
25113	131	Trump has appointed two homosexuals to the national justice system, although he has withdrawn some privileges from the time of Obama and advised the embassy not to lift “hand” flags. He also appointed several sodomites for exposed positions. Richard Grenell at the headquarters of the US Ambassador to Germany. He was subsequently appointed as Director of National Intelligence. Trump was the first Republican president to recognize the LGBT Duma Month in June 2019. He also announced that the aim of his administration is to dekriminalize homosexuality worldwide. For Trump, the FDA allowed homosexuals to donate blood, etc. But the 45th President declared the “transom” war.
25113	133	Nowadays, there is a struggle in the United States between “their good conservative gays” and libertarians seeking de facto sexualization of children. Ann Coulter, a former member of the GOProud Advisory Board and a long-term supporter of “LGBT conservation” says that “gays must be pro-life.” Therefore, some homosexuals in the Republican Party are opposed to abortion.
25113	135	More radical homosexual leaders complain on the Sodomites associated with the Republican Party that they have neglected and capitulated against the anti-Gay program formulated and implemented by the religious right. The faith itself in the limited role of the government and the low taxes cannot, in their opinion, justify the withdrawal from the radical minority programs.
25113	137	It appears that the Republican “gays” have supported the Don’t Say Gay Act, which the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, signed on March 28.
25113	139	The LGBTQ+ subcultures are concerned. Conservative homosexuals contribute to the dissemination of “lowly influenced homofobia” by proclaiming the struggle against grooming, which is a particular “cover” for homofobia, like QAnon for anti-Semitism. In the United States, the struggle between “radical” and “conservative” homosexuals is worsening, and as Leatherwood considers, there are “normal, healthy gay” and those who proclaim the “left program on child sexuality.”
25113	141	LGBT conservationism in Europe as an anti-Islam
25113	143	Specific changes have also occurred in the conservative parties of other countries in the world. In Europe for example. In the Netherlands or Belgium, the inclusion of gender ideology in the program of the party named Conservative is linked to the fight against Islam. Acceptance of homosexuality means belonging to a “liberal nation”. The combination of liberal values and “inclusion to the main north” of the gay identity Jasbir Paur called “homonationalism.” Everyone who does not accept sexual devices (on homosexuality it does not end) is not “modern, civilized Europeans.”
25113	145	In Sweden, the “justice” Swedish Democrats (SD) clearly say that children raised by same-sex couples should not be condemned, and the real threat is immigrants and Muslims, who do not accept “liberal values” such as tolerating homosexuality.
25113	147	The National Front in France has also changed its approach to gender ideology. In Germany, the evolution of the position of the “conservative party” occurred in the 1990s, when both the CDU/CSU and the leftist SPD (Social Democratic Party) headed towards the ideological center, which was linked to the relaxation of Merkel’s approach to customary issues. On the other hand, there was a space for more expressive groups both on the right and left side of the political scene.
25113	149	The Bundestag approved the Homosexuality on June 30, 2017 and although approximately 75% of the conservative members voted against it, the conservative members in the controversial electoral districts were likely to attract leftist voters, saying they were “for same-sex marriages.”
25113	151	Merkel’s party promoted the sodomites. Former German Foreign Minister for Merkel, Guido Westerwelle has contributed to the “warming” and greater acceptance of homosexuality among others. by continuously taking your partner to official foreign trips. The current Minister of Health, Jens Spahn, is also a gay.
25113	153	The active – within the so-called conservative parties – groups of “LGBT conservatives” contributed to a change in the interpretation of conservative values, among which the defence of morality was from the very beginning. Today, conservative parties have been dominated by liberals and libertarian.
25113	155	It is not surprising that the anti-Christian program was launched by them. In the nineteenth century, the Catholic counter-revolutionary Juan Donoso Cortes predicted that when God’s sovereignty is negated, when God’s vigilance and the existence of sin is negated, there will be a number of other errors that infect the social and political domain, institutions and law.
25113	157	The Spanish counter-revolutionist emphasized that the world is ruled by a “man of sin,” who is even “moral,” so much that “to the peak.” He has his broken dekalog, “dogmates”, “the Bible”, a catalogue of “cnotes” and “sins”, and even “inquisition.” It is increasingly courageous to demand their recognition and regret for their own understood lines. A specific reflection of this way of thinking is the phenomenon of “LGBT conservation.” There is no good outcome from that.
25116	1	Grzegorz Braun: Stop Ukraineization of Poland!
25116	3	We may not agree with Gregory Braun in some matters, but he is the only politician in the Knesset who draws attention to Polish governors’ absurd policy towards “fighters” from Ukraine.
25116	5	Poseal presented the draft document “Stop Poland’s ukrainisation”. It is the only program to stop the process of disintegration and decomposition, not only ethnic, but also political, and territorial, of the Polish state. “When it comes to help, let’s save lives, but not the standard of life,” Braun said, relocating the main assumptions of the document. There are two things to solve the problem.
25116	7	“First of all, we must firmly put on that, today uncontrolled process, from the first days uncontrolled by the Border Service, the passage of unknown closer and undefined in terms of status and purposes coming to Poland from Ukraine. The second thing is that we need dedicated solutions, not the inclusion of Ukrainian refugees into the Polish social care system. But some would desire that a quick step would be to bring Ukrainians into the Polish legal system as voters. We are strongly opposed to this, says Grzegorz Braun. According to the policy, the situation is developing very quickly. He pointed out that although some time ago his group was criticized for designating migrants from Ukraine as “presidents”, it is now used in the political world, including at the NATO summit in Madrid. Are the “Russian Owns” there?
25116	9	Help real refugees in accordance with international conventions is to save their lives and provide refugees. In Poland, the Catholic rule of Ordo Caritatis was completely reversed. The temporary in the theory of “immigrants” is treated as full-righteous citizens of the III RP, although no war actions are carried out on the vast majority of the territory of Ukraine. The ruling traitors have already announced the construction of “tain municipal houses” for the residents, although for years they were not for the indigenous population. The Poles cannot bear the greatest costs of imperial wars caused by the competing powers. People and their needs should always be in one place. It is not for this reason that we have dismissed the Moscow settlers to now govern Poland by the settlers of Washington, Brussels, Tel Aviv and Kiev.
25117	1	Abkhazia is opposed to Russia. They don’t want Vladimir Putin.
25117	3	In Abkhazia, a separatist pro-Russian republic formally part of Georgia, there was an outbreak of social dissatisfaction. All because President Aslan Bjanya has announced the transfer to Russia of the territory on which Vladimir Putin's villa is to be placed.
25117	5	The independence of Abkhazia was recognized by Moscow in 2008 after the so-called five-day war between Russia and Georgia. Formally, Abkhazia remains part of Georgia, but in fact it is a Russian protektorate, similarly to the so-called Cchinwalski region (South Ossetia).
25117	7	As for the post-Soviet area, Abkhazia is a fairly democratic quasiptatic formation. There are regular and free presidential and parliamentary elections. However, all political forces are less or more pro-Russian, which is due to geopolitical conditions. The Abkhazi view Russia as a guarantee of its independence. They do not want to live together with the Georgians in one state body. Unlike South Osetia, whose authorities seek to formally join the Russian Federation (a referendum has been promised several times, but it has not come to effect, because of the lack of interest of Moscow), Abkhazia wants to remain as an independent entity as possible.
25117	9	Paper Independence
25117	10	However, this independence is mainly on paper. The economy of this small parapaity is completely dependent on the northern neighborhood. Abkhazians mainly earn income from mandarin exports and numerous Russian tourists arriving. In addition, on the territory of Abkhazia, Russian troops are stationed at a base in Gudaute, and the border is guarded by the Russian border guards. The Russians also invest in the local infrastructure and tourism sector.
25117	12	Soviet resort
25117	13	Abkhazia even in the Soviet times great success in the political elite of the empire as a holiday resort. The Soviet gensekers came to her for rest. The most famous Abkhazi resorts could include Suchumi, Picunda, Gagry and New Aton.
25117	15	After the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the declaration of independence by Georgia between Georgia and Abkhazia, there was a war that was won by Suchumi with the clear but informal support of Russia. The Republic has fallen down. The towns often turned into ruins.
25117	17	Abkhazi are well aware that they are dependent on the Russians. However, from time to time the local population is opposed to too pro-Russian predictions, as some politicians say.
25117	19	Rebellion of Abkhazia
25117	20	In recent days, Abkhazi protested against the de facto idea of President Aslan Bjani, who a few days earlier announced that he would transfer to Russia 184 hectares of forest and 115 hectares of water in the village of Picunda. These territories are located in the reserve area. There will be the residence of President Vladimir Putin.
25117	22	As a result of the Abkhazi protests, the parliament decided to postpone the decision to transfer the territory to the Russian side. President Bjanya explained that the granting to the Russians of the land is the result of the agreement concluded in 1995 He also emphasized that Vladimir Putin likes to visit the town, and Russia has much greater funds for investments in the resort.
25117	24	We will not give the earth
25117	25	The issue of land ownership in Abkhazia is an extremely annoying topic. For several times in the past, the Abkhazian society has opposed the ideas allowing foreigners to buy territories. They said that the very wealthy Russians would buy most of the attractive lands in Abkhazia. On the other hand, the Abkhazi authorities have claimed that they do not have sufficient funds to make the necessary investments in different sectors of the economy. But so far, no Abkhazian government has decided to adopt a law allowing the free purchase of land by the Russians.
25118	3	The value of new Chinese investments in Russia as part of the Strategic Trail and Trail Initiative (BRI) fell to zero in the first half of 2022; this is an unprecedented situation, indicating China’s refusal to bear the costs of the sanctions imposed on the Kremlin in response to the aggression against Ukraine, the Financial Times.
25118	5	In the first six months of this year, Beijing has not signed any agreements with Russian entities under the BRI. This is a complete novelty, not observed since the launch of the Chinese initiative nine years ago. In 2021, the value of Chinese-Russian contracts amounted to approximately $2 billion. The researchers from the Fudan University in Shanghai, quoted by FT, said.
25118	7	As highlighted in the report developed by this university, after the reduction of engagement in Russia, China expanded its investment scope in the Middle East. In the first half of the year, the Czech Republic signed an agreement with Saudi Arabia, worth approximately $5.5 billion. Last year, China invested $10.5 billion. Construction projects in Iraq.
25118	9	China’s position in the Middle East is strengthened after the United States formally ended its military mission in Iraq and withdrew from Afghanistan. U.S. President Joe Biden visited Riyadh in July. He promised there that he will “not leave and leave the vacuum that China, Russia or Iran will fill,” we read in the Financial Times.
25118	11	China is one of Russia’s closest allies on the international arena and opposes the Western sanctions imposed on the country in response to the Kremlin’s aggression against Ukraine. However, Beijing has not yet decided to provide direct economic and military support to Moscow.
25118	13	Multimodal (using rail and sea connections) China-Europe transport corridors have been expanded since 2013 within the framework of the Chinese Pass and Road Initiative, also known as One Pass and One Road. It is not only an economic initiative, but also a geopolitical project, directly supported by the Chinese authorities and serving to strengthen the influence of Beijing, among others. Central Asia and South Caucasus.
25118	15	The most important transportation route within the framework of this initiative has so far been the connection through Kazakhstan, Russia, Belarus and Poland, which used among others. Terminals in Malaszewice and Sławkowie. In 2015, regular rail transportation from China's Chengdu to Boat was launched.
25118	17	In mid-April, Chinese media that the new multimedia connection to Mannheim in Germany omits Russia. The first transportation of goods by alternative route was carried out on April 13. The route begins in Xi'an in central China, and then leads through Kazakhstan, the Caspian Sea, Azerbaijan, Georgia, the Black Sea, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic to Mannheim in the western part of the Russian Federation. The length of the connection is about 11.3 thousand. by km.
25119	1	Germany is angry in Poland. Too little, too late.
25119	3	The idea of compensating the eastern European countries for the Soviet production tanks delivered to Ukraine with modern German equipment failed and led to a sharp dispute with Poland.
25119	5	"The German newspaper ""Sueddeutsche Zeitung"" returns on Monday (25.07.2022) to the media discussed for several days the dispute between Germany and Poland on the exchange of military equipment. The Ringtausch. In exchange for the T-72 tanks produced by the Soviet Union, Poland and other Eastern European countries had to receive modern equipment from Germany."
25119	7	The proposal issued in late April was pleased with the support of both the German government and the opposition, giving hope for quick aid to Ukraine, Szymanski reminds. The Ukrainian armed forces have a weapon that they know well and do not have to waste time on training. The German government has promised to compensate the partners for the equipment.
25119	9	So much theory. The practice looks completely different in July: in addition to the declarations of intentions and numerous troubles, the system of equipment exchange brought little, and with Poland there was even a sharp dispute,” the author writes.
25119	11	German proposals: “for little, too late”
25119	13	Poland has delivered more than 200 Soviet-made tanks to Ukraine. The German side offered Poland 20 older models of tanks – Leopard 2A4. According to the Polish Defense Ministry, German tanks will be able to operate only in 12 months.
25119	15	“It’s too little, too late,” said the head of the defense department, Mariusz Błaszczak. According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Poland needs 44 tanks. Deputy Foreign Minister Szymon Szynkowski vel Sęk even spoke of a “conscious misconduct” of the Polish side.
25119	17	There is also a disappointment in Slovenia. The Germans initially planned to strengthen the Slavic army by withdrawing from the Bundeswehr vehicles of the type Marder and Fuchs, but the Slovenians considered this equipment an outdated. Slovenia is demanding more modern Boxer combat wagons, Leopard 2 tanks and Puma carrier carriers. There is no progress in the negotiations, he emphasizes. The negotiations are also ongoing with the Greek authorities, but there are no results yet.
25119	19	“Why are conversations so difficult?” I am thinking of Simeon. According to him, the Bundeswehr needs modern equipment. At the end of the Cold War, Germany had over 2,000 Leopard 2 tanks. Currently, the Bundeswehr has only 225 machines. Only after the annexation of Crimea in 2014, Berlin began the modernization of the equipment. Armed factories are now starting to gradually deliver new Leopard models.
25119	21	Would the Bundeswehr miss tanks?
25119	23	“Every tank that is now transferred to other countries may soon be missing by the Bundeswehr,” Szymanski explains. The construction of the tank takes several years. One of the reasons is the lack of parts, including luf to parts. Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht has promised that it will not allow the further weakening of the Bundeswehr.
25119	25	According to the author, the government’s coalition is supporting the equipment exchange. “It doesn’t work,” said Parliamentary Defence Commission chairman Marie-Agnes Strack-Zimmermann (FDP). “I wonder if this method is appropriate, although in individual cases an agreement seems possible,” the FDP deputy added.
2512	1	Between the narrative and (de)information: the Serbian media news about Russia's aggression against Ukraine.
2512	4	The visible reactions of the Serbian authorities over the past few weeks to the escalation of the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine show that decision makers in Belgrade are trying to maintain a neutral position to the events in eastern Europe. The conflict between the Russian and Ukrainian media in Serbia is similar. In turn, the information message presented by the Serbian tabloids remains clearly selective and more or less pro-Russian. The desirable interpretations and narrations of Russia about the current war make the contents presented in the mass media in Serbia at least partially different from what the media of the majority of European countries publish, openly indicating the unprovoked, aggressive and illegal nature of Russia’s actions against Ukraine.
2512	7	The Serbian authorities are withdrawn and neutral to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Serbia’s position on the Russian-Ukrainian war differs from the EU countries that openly condemned Russia’s actions and decided to impose multi-dimensional sanctions on the Russian Federation. The visible reactions of the Serbian authorities over the past few weeks to the escalation of the crisis and the final aggression of Russia against Ukraine show that the authorities in Belgrade are trying to maintain a neutral position against the events in the East and are trying to maintain good relations with both the attacked Ukraine and the obvious aggressor of Russia. This leads to the conclusion that the declared neutrality by Serbia is in practice two-significant, has pejorative coloring, and in some aspects means de facto symbolic and actual support of Russia (see Z. “Commentary No. 556”.
2512	10	Public media in Serbia: media centered. The Serbian policy of neutrality with respect to the events in the East is reflected in the content of the news message presented by public broadcasters. This translation can be considered descriptive, balanced, factorial, more or less symmetrical and in a specific way neutral, i.e. presenting the positions of both sides, but deprived of a deep discussion on the obvious, unlawful nature of Russian aggression and the war crimes of the Russian army in Ukraine.
2512	13	This assessment is confirmed by the analysis of the media content for the period from 15 February to 6 March 2022, prepared by the Regulatory Authority. Electronic Media Regulatory Board (REM) It shows that the Russian-Ukrainian war is now the most important topic presented in RTS 1. According to REM, the content presented by public broadcasters (RTS 1, RTS 2, RTV 1 and RTV 2) during the analyzed period – including information about the war in the east – had a decisive majority of neutral character (an neutral was recognized from 66,02% to 81,42% of the total media transmission).
2512	16	Serbian tabloids: proud of Russia. Analysis of the content of the Serbian media from the last three weeks shows that popular private media (tabloids)[2], forming a news message reaching many inhabitants of Serbia, present content that can be considered far-selective, favouring Russian narratives or pro-Russian openings[3].
2512	19	"Relating to the events in Ukraine, the Serbian tabloids often presented, therefore, manipulated and false – and sometimes also obviously absurd – statements of the Russian side on: the armed conflict provoked by NATO; the defence nature of the actions of Russia, drawn into the war by the West; the geopolitical context of the events in the East; the legitimate support of Russia for the threatened Donbass; the popularity of the Ukrainian side of extreme right and extremist attitudes; the persecution of the Russians by the authorities in Kiev; the biological weapons in Ukraine; the “barzinian preservation” of the Ukrainian army, etc. It also cited Putin's statements questioning the nationality of Ukraine. Many of these kinds of articles were in fact a meritory and linguistic calc (""Neonazists"", ""Neofasists"", ""NATO threats"", ""Ukrainian war lifting regime"", ""special military operation"") spread information, offered by the Russian media. The military successes of the Russian armies were also praised – real or supposed – (“Russia occupied Ukraine in one day”; “Russia reached Kiev in one day!”; “Russia broke the front near Gorlovka, is this the key victory of Putin’s army?”). The journal “Informer” on 22 February 2022 put the title “Ukraine attacked Russia!” The whole one-sided picture was accompanied by properly selected pictures of President Putin, suggesting that he is a strong and reasonable leader, effectively opposing the confrontative policy of the West."
2512	22	Although the popular Serbian media relates the events in the East in an unobjective way, in fact, however – what Marija Vučić points to – they do it however in a balanced way and do not escalate beyond the measure of the pro-Russian narration, and this self-restriction doesn’t seem coincidental (“I think the tabloids are still kept on the chain. I know very well how the information message from the tabloids can look [...] when they have no self-control [...]. These texts are to a certain extent elaborated, but they are not in accordance with the journalistic standards”[5]. However, the Serbian tabloids clearly avoid publishing information about the failures and losses of the FR army and the war crimes committed by the Russians in Ukraine.
2512	25	Information policy per facta concludentia. A characteristic element of the Serbian media space remains also the incompatible – and in the opinion of Željko Bodrožicia de facto schizofrenic – information transmission[6]. On the one hand, in the Serbian media, it is evident that it is withdrawn and neutral in the establishment of the narration of the authorities in Belgrade, which mutatis mutandis reflects the pro-Western and European vector in the foreign policy of Serbia. This narration at least partially meets the expectations of the anti-war coalition of Western countries, expecting that in key international matters the EU candidate Serbia will present a position consistent with the position of the EU countries.
2512	28	On the other hand, pro-government tabloids, publishing in the opinion of critics an informational message that meets the current demand of the Serbian decision makers, present a narrative favorable to the Russian side, entering the perspective of a significant part of the Serbian society and the expectations of politicians in the Kremlin. This is because, as says Nemanja Rujević, the President of Serbia Aleksandar Vučić is too experienced to make elementary mistakes in foreign policy, and “the enthusiasm for Russian military activities leaves the tabloids”[7].
2512	31	It also seems that the pro-Russian news media, which is “controlled” by the authorities in Belgrade and promoted by a part of the media, is in essence a media cover for the pragmatic and – all proportions guaranteed – pro-European policy of Serbia. These authorities are fully aware that the possible and irresponsible involvement of Serbia in the armed conflict caused by the increasingly irrational actions of President Putin would have tragic political and economic consequences for all the Balkans and would bring the Western Balkans back to the 1990s.
2512	34	The proposals. The analysis of the content of the Serbian media allows to conclude that due to the present in the information space of the pro-Russian narratives, the media transmission directed to the Serbian society is at least partially different from what can be seen in the press and television of most European countries[8].
2512	37	A characteristic element of the media in Serbia is the bilateral information policy, in which the President of Serbia, aware of the existing international realities, officially points to the need to maintain a neutral attitude towards the conflict in the East, and the pro-governmental Serbian tabloids speak on the side of the allied Russia.
2512	40	The specificity of the Serbian media is in fact well reflected by the statement of President Vučić himself, who on 23 February 2022 accused the media – surprisingly – of lack of objectivism, stating that regardless of the situation, 80% of the Serbian media will always be on the side of Russia, and 20% – on the assumption against. This statement was likely to relieve – uncomprehensible in international receipt – the pro-Russian tone of the message presented by a large portion of the Serbian media.
2512	43	In Serbia there are also media that relate the conflict in the East in a way similar to most European broadcasters (e.g. journal “Danas” and television N1), but the power of their influence is limited.
25120	1	British journalist shows four scenarios of Putin's demolition
25120	3	"The invasion of Ukraine showed the real face of Vladimir Putin and helped the West understand that we have been in a state of war with Russia for a long time, says John Sweeney, a British investigative journalist and writer, author of the book ""Killer in the Kremlin"" published on Thursday. Among the possible scenarios of the defeat of Putin indicates, among others. Unhappy with the actions of the President of Russia. It also quotes the stories of Emperor Nicholas II and Adolf Hitler."
25120	5	“The fastest and best way to ensure the security of the West is to withdraw Putin from power, and this can happen by allowing the Ukrainian troops to a decisive victory, such that the Russian troops will be dismissed from all of Ukraine and humiliated. And this will probably trigger a series of events, similar to those that met Santa Claus II,” he convinced.
25120	7	Four scenarios of Putin's defeat
25120	9	Sweeney pointed out several possible scenarios of Putin's defeat. The first is that it will be the oligarchs, who, as he said, are angry on Putin for the result of the sanctions they were destroyed or half destroyed.
25120	11	The second is that the generals will do so, those who have not yet died on the front, because they are also angry for the fact that they have received a task – which is faced with the charter of the Ukrainians and the increasingly better equipment in their possession – which is actually impossible to do.
25120	13	The third is that Putin, who, as he suspects, is obsessively careful for his health and often undergoes surgery, after which one of them does not wake up from anesthesia.
25120	15	Finally, the most likely according to Sweeney is that Putin, who for years ordered the tricks of others, will eventually get himself like Adolf Hitler.
25120	17	“I judge that if the Russian army is defeated, then its commanders and key persons in the resorts will turn against Putin. To do this, it is necessary to send heavy equipment in appropriate amounts. The United Kingdom says, but for example. Italy, Germany and France do not do as much as they could. In turn, the United States, as usual, goes into war late – let’s remember how it was in 1917 and 1941 – but as they are doing it, they are doing it well. The HIMARS systems make a difference because they have greater scope than the Russian systems,” he noted.
25120	19	Putin has a small army to conquer Ukraine
25120	21	Speaking of the impossible to carry out the mission to conquer Ukraine, Sweeney called on his own, long before the invasion, calculations indicating that there would be a need for this several times more armies than the Russian president had thrown on that country.
25120	23	Attack always requires more attacking forces than defense – this ratio is usually 3:1. If it was 3:1, it would mean that if Ukraine had 200 thousand. soldiers, but also 100 thousand. Police and armed officials of other services, Russia should have attacked by forces of 900,000. people. But considering the fighting preference of the Ukrainians who defend their homes, this ratio is actually 7:1. This means that there would be a need for 2.1 million people, not 200 thousand, whom Putin actually sent. My calculations were good, and Putin and the CIA – no,” Sweeney said.
25120	25	He added that the decision to give up the struggle for the Kiev, to leave the north of Ukraine and to concentrate on the south-east, in the face of failure, was militarily correct and testifies that Putin understood his mistake and – despite some isolation from the world in which he has been since the COVID-19 pandemic – remains a rational actor.
25120	27	"A British journalist quoted the opinion of Simeon Gluzman, an Ukrainian psychiatrist who in Soviet times was the first to publicly oppose the use of psychiatry to persecute dissidents that Putin is rather evil than mad (""bad, not mad""). ""This is a good news in a certain sense because it will not use nuclear weapons. He knows that if he used it, it would be the end of Russia,” Sweeney said."
25120	29	The construction of Russia after Putin will be very difficult.
25120	31	Speaking about the future of Russia, he emphasized that it cannot be seen only by the prism of Putin. “I do not agree that there is no other Russia than Putin. It is Russia of Natalia (Estemir), Borisa (German), Alexia (Nawalny). The problem in the fact that this other Russia is narrated, it is shot, it is jailed. What we can hope is that the pressure on Vladimir Putin will be so great that it will become oppressive and then a new Russia will be created. And the request to my Russian friends is that – don’t rush it,” Sweeney called. However, he acknowledged that the construction of this new Russia will be a very difficult challenge.
25120	33	"“The problem is that Putin has been in power for 22 years, and this has caused the erosion and defeat of all institutions in the country. Before he became a spy, he was a gangster. What do gangsters do? They make sure there are no new people other than those with whom they have grown up. Putin is extremely loyal, but also requires extraordinary loyalty. There are no institutions in Russia that could replace this gangster system,"" a British investigative journalist and writer said."
25122	3	The Russian invasion of Ukraine has divided the Russian entertainment sector. Some artists talked for the actions of the Kremlin, others more or less openly criticized. The Ukrainian media, however, first and foremost indicate the silence of the close president to the Zelensky satiric-kabaret industry.
25122	5	One of the most frequently commented topics in the Russian show-business has become in recent months the emigration of the famous Ala Pugachova. The great star of the Russian estrad today is critically attended to the ruling regime, but according to the media, her decision to leave the country was, however, primarily caused by concerns about the consequences of the anti-government statements of her husband, about the 27 younger comedian Maxim Galkin. The couple and two children, younger than ten years old twins, decided to flee to Israel.
25122	7	Galkin is not the only Russian satirist who openly opposed the war. In a letter, the content of which was published by the independent Russian portal Meduza, 260 Russian or present in Russia comedians called for Vladimir Putin to “stop armed activities on the territory of Ukraine and regulate discrepancies through negotiations.”
25122	9	The Zelensky Coast is silent
25122	11	However, the examples of Galkin and the signatories of the letter to Putin are still a minority in the satirical industry. The majority of the satirists avoid speaking about war. The support voices are not heard even from the environment associated with the former Soviet, and today popular in almost all countries of the former Soviet cabinet league “KWN” (the Russian abbreviation from “Club of Happy and Imaginary”), where the career began by the current President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky and where until 2014 numerous appearances, and even successes of the cabinet teams from Ukraine.
25122	13	In April, the collaborator of Alexei Nawalny Lubov Sobol in a video posted on YouTube criticized the comics from the most popular Russian entertainment TV channel TNT, most of which come, like Zelensky, from “KWN”.
25122	15	"The ""black sheep"" for the Ukrainians became especially the Kazakh, but appearing primarily in Russia comedian Nurlan Saburov, who collaborates with TNT. During the spring talks in the U.S., asked for a speech on the ongoing war in Ukraine, he refused to take a clear position. “I also have my fears. I have a family and children, you should understand it,” he said from the scene."
25122	17	The body, which passed the magic, became, however, an unhappy joke, which he allowed himself during one of the performances. When an activist dressed in a flammed red color symbolizing the blood of the Ukrainians came into the scene, Saburov, seeking to relieve the situation, asked, “Is it a menstruation?” The Ukrainian media then accused him not only of stupidity and ignorance, but above all of bitterness.
25122	19	"A clear criticism of the Putin regime is also unlikely to be sought in most satirical programs. In the smiling shortcomings of Russia in the program “Renaissance in Russia” (Ros. ""Once in Russia"" TNT production appears as true irony to the recent events (for example, a song about how Russia deals with the lack of Western products caused by sanctions), but never exceeding certain boundaries."
25122	21	Ukrainian comedian: Russian artists “founder” of the FSB
25122	23	Many Ukrainian artists deeply annoyed the silence of Russian satirists. With greater understanding, although still critical, to the behavior of colleagues in the profession, the Ukrainian comedian Igor Lastoczkin addressed.
25122	25	Woodymyr Zelensky’s good friends, like him, began his career in “KWN”. He has long performed in Russia – among other things in the above-mentioned program – so that the satiric-cabaret environment knows “from the shadow.”
25122	27	Lastochkin revealed in one of the internet programs that after 24 February he talked with former friends, Russian comedians from TNT, about the war. The majority of them disagree with Putin’s actions. “In the end, however, I couldn’t convince them (to take a public vote on this topic – red.“The comic acknowledges.
25122	29	The reason for the silence of Russian artists is the fear of the consequences of honesty, he believes. According to him, the Federal Security Service (FSB) treats the artists in a certain sense as “containers,” who in case of opposition will be immediately arrested and then imprisoned.
25122	31	“The only way to get out is to leave Russia. They could then speak normally and thus keep their face,” Lastoczkin said with clear regret.
25122	33	Why do the Russians not speak of war?
25122	35	The only space in which some of the avoiding speaking about the Russian invasion of the satirists allow themselves to criticize it is the social media. Most often, however, these are cautious and quite general declarations about “supporting peace.”
25122	37	“The most important are people. “I have friends in Ukraine with whom I have a lot to do. I don’t want them or their families or anyone to suffer. I’m behind peace,” wrote for example the Russian-Cash comedian of TNT Azamat Musagaliyev – probably that was among other things his intention of Lastochkin, speaking of the comedians who refused to express a decisive speech about Ukraine.
25122	39	“It’s hard to surprise the Russian artists that they don’t talk about the war in Ukraine. in today’s Russia, which becomes a totalitarian state,” says Dr. Hab. Agnieszka Legucka from the Polish Institute of International Affairs.
25122	41	The speakers of EURACTIV.pl note that social media still gives a certain sphere of freedom of speech to the critics of the regime. “Russian authorities are not yet 100% controlling everything, although they are trying to do so, among other things. “Instagram and Twitter are blocked,” he said.
25122	43	“Russian authorities have adopted the tactics of legal regulation. They amend the law in such a way as to use justice more effectively to prosecute specific persons,” he explains. As he says, it is, in a certain sense, a “return to the past”, to the Soviet times, where – if necessary – a paragraph will be found on every unacceptable person. However, yet the authorities do not have such tools that would allow them to persecute all the critical of the Kremlin, the expert believes.
25122	45	The committees thus realize that while in social media they can afford a certain freedom, but also within certain limits, it marks.
25122	47	Freedom of speech in Russia will be increasingly restricted.
25122	49	Agnieszka Legucka also points to a certain naivity of the thought of many Russian satirists, which may also be the cause of their refusal to talk about the ongoing in the neighboring country war.
25122	51	According to her, “these artists who understand the situation have already left Russia.” Those who are still speaking about Ukraine on social media, but avoid taking a voice on this ‘offline’ say that all this will stop, that this ‘special operation’ will end, and it will return to normal.”
25122	53	In Legacy’s opinion, this is “a little too optimistic” thinking. Freedom of speech in Russia will be increasingly restricted. Putin is increasingly afraid of the loss of power and as the formula of the “external enemy” will be exhausted, we will have to look for the “internal enemy” – a “external enemy” – which already today is considered as “foreign agents” (Ros. “Inoagents” – red.“It explains.
25122	55	“In the end, intellectuals, including comedians, will become such enemies,” PISM analysts expect.
25123	2	Ukraine's military situation after nine weeks of war
25123	4	The second stage of the offensive on Ukraine began on April 19th. Russia has failed to break the Ukrainian defense in the east of the country. There are intense struggles there, but a significant change in the military situation should not be expected in the near future. At the same time, the importance of providing Ukraine not only with defence weapons, but also with other weapons systems is increasing: tanks, artillery and fighter wheels, which can allow it to maintain defence rubes and possible counterattacks. At the Rammstein conference on 26 April, the Western countries agreed to increase and coordinate such support.
25123	6	Where are the most intense armed operations?
25123	8	The Russians are conducting an offensive towards the towns of Siewierodonieck and Popasna in the Lugansk district and Slovyansk, Kurachowe, Awdijevka and Lyman in the Donetsk district. The operations are ongoing in the Kharkov district towards the city of Izium, the Kharkov is shot. Russia has also intensified the strikes in the Odesh and Chershen districts. On the east of Ukraine, the 1st units are fighting. The Army and 20. Army of the Western Army and 35. General Army and 68. Army of the Eastern OW.
25123	10	Russia has intensified its offensive actions in recent days, but they are still not enough to lead to overtaking control over the Lugansk and Donetsk districts in a short time. Although on April 21 Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoigu declared that Mariupol is under full Russian control, the city continues to be fighting – mainly on the territory of the Azovstal facilities. In Mariupol, the Russians use conventional bombs that increase losses among civilians. Furthermore, Russia has changed its current tactics and started on the territory of Ukraine warning rail infrastructure and other critical infrastructure facilities, including military, wanting among others. to block the supply of weapons to the fighting Ukrainian units.
25123	12	What is the situation of the defenders and what is the military support of the Western states?
25123	14	The headquarters of Ukraine said the forces operating in Donbass are stopping several significant attacks by Russia every day. In the east and south of Ukraine there are dozens of brigades operating – mainly mechanized, tank and motorized infantry. The Ukrainians support their defence. on land roofs (natural geographical obstacles), which increases its effectiveness. A very important role is also played by the intelligence information transmitted to Ukraine by NATO countries.
25123	16	The Ukrainian side does not provide any reports of its own losses, however, taking into account the Russian data, it can be assumed that it will be forced to supplement the personal states of combating units and significantly exhausted the potential possessed before the war equipment. This increases the importance of rapid supply of weapons from Western countries, training soldiers and healing injured. On April 26th, 40 countries debated at a conference at the U.S. Rammstein base in Germany on the possibilities of aid to Ukraine. After the conference many assurances fell – mainly from the NATO countries, but also, for example. Australia, on the transfer of advanced weapons systems to Ukraine. Germany announced the delivery of its own aircraft departments to Gepard, and the UK, among others. Starstreak aircraft. It has already arrived in Ukraine. U.S. Households Cal. 155 mm and T-72 tanks. In addition, NATO states are training Ukrainian operators for the supplied weapons systems.
25123	18	What actions will Russia take?
25123	20	In the coming days, we can expect an intensification of the fighting activities conducted by Russia mainly in eastern Ukraine. An important goal will be the actual overtaking of control over Mariupol, which means an increase in the number of land shootings of the Azovstal plants. Only after the occupation of the whole city will Russia be able to break a part of the units to fight in the Lugansk, Donetsk and Zaporsk districts. For the Russians, it will also be important to strengthen their positions in the Mikhailovsky, foreseeable and cruise directions. They will continue to strengthen their troops operating in the south-east and east of Ukraine. The Ukrainian General Staff indicates that to the border with Ukraine of the Belgorod district, the Russians moved two battalion tactical groups from the 76th desant-storm division. Given the increased activity of the Black Sea Fleet, further attacks on cities on the Black Sea coast can also be expected, but also on the critical infrastructure located in the west of Ukraine. The activity of the Russian aviation will also increase.
25123	22	What can we expect in the coming days?
25123	24	Given the importance of the date 9 May, when the Day of Victory is celebrated in Russia, it should be expected to intensify the Russian propaganda activities aimed at its own society, showing the legitimacy of the struggles conducted in Ukraine and indicating the “military plans” supported by NATO states of the Ukrainian side. It is not possible to exclude the activities of Russian services on the territory of Russia, e.g. fire or bombing of explosive goods, regardless of the actions carried out by the Ukrainian side in the Russian regions bordering with Ukraine. They will be accused of the Ukrainian dissent, which will increase the feeling of hatred to the Ukrainians.
25123	26	Further provocations, similar to the launch of two radio towers on April 26th, may also occur in Naddniestr. Considering that without additional support for its armed forces that are stationed in the region, Russia will not be able to carry out offenses on Ukraine from there, these provocations will be aimed at influencing the so-called. The separatist authorities of Naddniestr. Russia is concerned to give up the previous declarations of neutrality to the war in Ukraine, it also wants to create a psychological effect, showing Ukraine as an aggressive state, conducting action divergently not only in Russia.
25124	1	Putin is looking for two
25124	3	The flavor of the bottle on the bottom.
25124	5	If somewhere you can celebrate the holiday of the glass, it is of course in Russia. However, it’s not about the content of the dish, but a concrete model, which inspires the citizens of the Russian Federation with pride. These are the popular border glasses of the type of cup available in the IKEA stores. Many of you have such things at home. The Russians may have a problem with this because IKEA has withdrawn from their country. You can buy it, but not in the Ikea store. At least they know how to do it, and that’s something. This may not be a technique for the iPhone or other goods from the sudden West, but it meets the more basic needs of the average Russians than it meets with the tick-to-tick disconnections.
25124	7	There is no better time to tell about this glass than now, after the victory against Sweden and during the Russian aggression against Ukraine.
25124	9	Four Canadian
25124	11	The glasses are popular because they are cheap and practical. A large part of them is produced in the Russian factories, and the troopers of curiosity and the influence of Russian alcohol-technical thought on the history of the world claim that it was invented in Russia. The birthday is celebrated on September 11, but (or because it is not known to them recently) it has nothing to do with the terrorist attack. There is no doubt that a few Russian men after wrapping a few glasses will sometimes attack their spouse.
25124	13	The “Graniony stakan”, or “graniasta skanka”, had to appear in the world in the 17th century, during the time of Emperor Peter I. He wanted the fleet officers to drink wine in the west, from a glass, and not from wooden dishes like a dick. This glass was not then as common and cheap material as today, therefore it was necessary to submit how to avoid losses. One that is expensive, and two that is dried glass is the risk of scaling. The same problem, but the push to the Western civilization was stronger.
25124	15	The specific shape of the glass was to make it easier to drink on board the ship, because falling, it didn’t rotate on the tables and the floor as its round counterparts. It was also better to lie in the hands when the waves were laid, and the company didn’t necessarily maintain full psychomotor performance. The historic anecdote of the first producer of the glass is given to the Vladimír glassmaker Efrem Smolin, who was intended to present the rulers this immaculate alternative. Peter I had to look at the invention to throw the “stakanu byt”, thus signaling his approval. The circle of the emperor, however, heard a “bite” and broke the glasses for happiness. So here the prototype of the untouchable glass started his career broken into a small mak. 
25124	17	We broke
25124	19	The true and documented career of the border glass began in the times of the Soviet Socialist Union. There is no lack of legend and imagination. The author of the project of the glass in the form known to this day was to be according to the general opinion of Vera Muchin – a sculptor with many socialist works on account. Among the most recognizable are the “Robotnik i kolchoźnica” – a monumental sculpture depicting a pair of Soviet people with a mould and a mould in their hands – the symbol of the film studio Mosfilm. The artist who designed the glass was inspired by the ancient Greek columns, in addition to the spirit of practicality. The creation process was also attended by the painter Kazimierz Malewicz, the author of the famous “Black Quadrate on a White Background”.
25124	21	Very little is known about the real creators of the project. Getting big names adds a glass of splendor, but it probably has a pretty smooth connection to reality. Although nothing can be excluded: many artists chalture to have to do with the garna to put, and when the homeland calls and pays... especially when it is the Soviet homeland. Muchina designed a cup of beer, so why should she refuse to participate in the work on a glass of water? It is better to design a glass than to slide a Siberian glass.
25125	1	Misery of Water
25125	3	Horses, horses, horses, white-red-granate has garnitures.
25125	5	After the outbreak of the war, the awakened Polish society decided to punish the proklemlovsky merchandise and to carry out a consumer boycott. Based on the monitoring of card payments in the stores of those brands and companies that remained in Russia, the PKO BP bank found that sales in them fell. The consumer boycott, if applied massively, can actually work. This shows the withdrawal of another scared vision of losing too much of the revenue of big from Russia. At least for a moment or partially, as did Nestle – a group offering up to 2,000. A variety of products that can be boicoted, including the legendary Viniary mayonnaise.
25125	7	Global Village
25125	9	In the era of globalization, it might seem that truly ethical and beyond any suspicion is just what you cultivate yourself. But this statement, if we go deep into it, may be false. Nowadays, the consumer is immersed in a broken network of market connections. As a rule, it is not able to verify the source of the product on its own, so it must rely on the labels or words of the seller. The more conscious buyers buy from local producers, for example. on the rings. They prefer to pay more, but not to put their hands on unethical practices, environmental destruction, climate warming or – what is now on time – war crimes.
25125	11	The evil does not sleep. While everyone focused on the boycott of Auchan and Nestle, the fifth column of Putin took a more makiavelic form – a corn. 
25125	13	Russian field
25125	15	According to the greenhouse owners, the process has been on a long time and not even a war is scary to him. The Russian corns are brought by thirds to the Polish large companies, which pack them, attach the label and go on as their own, and most importantly for the consumer – our own. Folded Russian corns are sold to large markets, but also to small vegetables and retailers. They are imported so much that there is no room for local vegetables. The situation is so serious that the purchase of Polish garlic in Poland is practically impossible. Because all the fun is illegal.
25125	17	Putin's corners go to us on a circular road, mainly from Macedonia, with false papers.
25125	19	They had previously arrived from Lithuania and Latvia, but, as it turned out, these countries are more civilized than the IV RP – after learning about the matter, they began to carry out controls and the procedure was shortened.
25125	21	As angry farmers say, who, because of the fear of the corn mafia, prefer to remain anonymous, a certain Silesian company, which itself produces a little corn, will supply half of the country. Ukrainians are employed to pack vegetables, they are exported by Polish suppliers, and they are stored in refrigerators built for EU funds for the development of Polish agriculture. The expense on Russian corns is so large that on one transport you can earn from 80 to 100 thousand. The bad. Interestingly, Agrounia the situation of the agricultural resort, which probably stated that if it finds that the problem does not exist, it will magically disappear. I can’t even say that because of the imagery the government deliberately shuts the eye to the illegal, extremely immoral and enduring Polish farmers’ grape process, only to keep the prices lower.
25126	1	The heart, the heart, the mind
25126	3	In order for Ukraine to win, Putin must get a slay. The Poles are doing everything they can to make them laugh.
25126	5	“I am built that the initiative, which came out of Sandomier, found a positive reception in cities like Warsaw, Krakow, Rzeszov, Białystok and Plock. I believe that the hymn of Ukraine will rise instead of the heinals in other Polish cities,” the mayor of Sandomierza, Marcin Marzec, called for the citizens of the free world.
25126	7	In order for Putin to go to the fifth place and “in the framework of solidarity with Ukraine”, the Ukrainian flag was suspended on the Jarosławski ratus.
25126	9	“I urge libraries to join the ‘Heart for Ukraine’ campaign. Just lift your heart in a visible place (window, door, regails, at the boat, in the reading rooms) and post photos of blue-yellow hearts on Facebook with the hashtag #SolidarnizUkraina. Let’s create together a gallery of photos of “Serc for Ukraine” – she gave a camouflage to the victory over the aggressor of the library in the Middle East.
25126	11	The Warsaw Beer Festival also gave resistance to the Russian soldier. “In this difficult time, we need the help of the Ukrainians. I miss words, but not hope. The community associated with artistic beer rapidly responded to the current situation, creating special beer,” the organizers said.
25126	13	Since the whole Polish people are fighting against the Russian imperialism, there could not be a lack of tattooists in this struggle. The Wroclaw Chimera Tattoo all the money earned on the drawing of each Ukrainian flag was spent to help Ukraine. Jack Galan Art Studio from Szczecin – the same: the income for tattoos with the symbol of the yellow-blue heart was allocated to the collection. The minimum cost of a tattoo is $100. The humility of the tattooists did not allow them to tell how many Ukrainian hills were performed over a few days of action.
25126	15	The struggle with Putin is on the internet. “The illegal and unprovoked military actions of Russia in Ukraine” force internet users to boycott Russian products. To do this, social networks call to read the numbers on the chart code. If the first 3 numbers are 460-469, it means that the item has been produced in the Russian Federation and it is not allowed to be purchased. Unless the Russian company operates in the territory of another country. It will have a different pack, but it is not allowed to be purchased. Bensin from Orlen, produced from Russian oil, is of course a Polish product.
25126	17	More advanced internet users have jumped on the seat of an anti-Russian hacking cyber terrorism. Attacks, data leaks and the security breakdown itself, however, have made a crack not to Russian companies, but to the intelligence of different countries that have long been spying these databases. That’s why the goodwill hackers have appealed not to get stuck, because the entire long-term CIA and Mossad intelligence robot is going to be frightened by the invasion. Therefore, these appeals appeared on the pages for the Polish network hackers: “With grabbing in critical systems, you can hinder someone who already lives there and can a much greater effect than you have planned. Ukraine is undoubtedly receiving valuable intelligence information from NATO countries, and a lot of them probably comes from the cyber world. Don’t describe it.”
25126	19	Other Polish interlocutors who are not hackers thought they would do a bad thing to Putin by slowing down the Russian networks. They released, but not those officially censored by the Kremlin, but those that were used by Russian internet users who wanted to know more than that the Russian army is deeply striking the killing of its own civilians of the Nazis from Ukraine.
25129	1	Tensions on the Kosovo-Serbia border. Protest of Serbs. Two borders are closed.
25129	3	On Sunday, 31 July, the Kosovo authorities closed two border crossings with Serbia. The decision came after the northern Kosovo ethnic Serbs blocked the roads and shot the police. They protested against the order to exchange the Serbian car registration tables to Kosovo.
25129	5	Kosovo declared its independence 14 years ago. Nearly 50,000 Serbs living in northern Kosovo are still using the registration tables and documents issued by the Serbian authorities. They do not want to recognize the state documents in this way.
25129	7	in Kosovo. Government Closes Border Crossing with Serbia
25129	9	The Kosovo authorities have previously announced that from 1 August, the Serbs will have two months to exchange tables and documents. They also decided that from that day all the citizens of Serbia will have to obtain an additional document on the border that will allow them to enter Kosovo. The same principle is applied by the authorities in Belgrade to visiting Serbia citizens of Kosovo.
25129	11	"Protesters on Sunday, 31 July, blocked the roads that led to two border crossing and lifted baricades with trucks filled with rubber and other heavy equipment. The Kosovo police said they were shot ""in the direction of police units, but fortunately no one was injured."""
25129	13	Due to the protests on the border, the authorities decided to close both border crossing – Jarinje and Bernjak.
25129	15	Kosovo and Serbia. After the protests, the authorities delay the plan of exchanging car records
25129	16	In the night of July 31 to August 1, the authorities made the decision. The government in Pristina has postponed for a month the implementation of the plan that imposes on ethnic Serbs residing in northern Kosovo the exchange of car records from Serbs to Kosovo within 60 days. The new date is September 1.
25129	18	"At the same time, the government of Prime Minister Albino Kurtiho condemned the road blocks in the north of the country and ""the police shooting by armed persons."" The responsibility for “aggressive actions” was taken by the Serbian authorities."
25129	20	Serbia lost control over Kosovo after the NATO campaign in 1999. The state has refused to recognize the independence of its former province and since 2008, that is, since it has declared its independence. It also does not agree to use in its territory tables with Kosovo registration.
25129	22	The tensions between the two countries are the highest in the past few years. Serbia and Kosovo began a dialogue under the auspices of the European Union in 2013, but a significant agreement has not yet been reached.
2513	1	What happens if the Poles don’t get vaccinated? Dr. Afelt: We do harm ourselves on our own desire
2513	3	The COVID-19 pandemic continues. Scientists are advising to prepare for the next variants of the coronavirus. They also remind that vaccines are still the best weapon. Poland is one of the weakly vaccinated countries in the EU. Moreover, the desire for vaccination has fallen rapidly in us. I am not afraid of the epidemic. What can this end? “We’re doing harm to ourselves,” says Dr. Aneta Afelt. This is not just about health reasons.
2513	5	“The crisis does not end until it ends everywhere.”
2513	7	The world is in the third year of the fight against the coronavirus. And experts warn: let’s not expect Omikron to be the last option we have to deal with. “The crisis does not end until it ends everywhere,” The Economic Times said. Experts still remind that vaccines are the best weapon against SARS-CoV-2 we have.
2513	9	When we analyze the data about our society’s vaccine, we can say that we simply do not use this weapon. This was by Prof. Karolina Sieroń, head of the Covid Division of the MSWiA Hospital in Katowice. “(...) In the case of COVID-19, we have the free benefit of the vaccines, and only 57% of the vaccines have benefited. The Society. The vaccines are not an experiment, they will not kill us, there are no chips in them; they are so that we can live further,” she said.
2513	11	Less than 58 percent. The vaccinated population is still not enough. This result is also one of the weakest in the EU/European Economic Area (map above).
2513	13	Moreover, the daily number of vaccinations is decreasing, and among non-vaccinated, the percentage of people who do not intend to take immunization is increasing. According to the latest research agency Inquiry, up to 47 percent. The respondents said they would not be vaccinated. At the beginning of January it was 45%. More about this in the article: The desire to vaccinate is drastically decreasing. People are not afraid of the coronavirus.
2513	15	Are we really ready to risk the lives and health of our children?
2513	17	In the public space, the topic of vaccination seems to have gone to a slightly further plan. That more than protection against the coronavirus, we are interested in the question of lighting the shrimp. However – let’s repeat – taking a vaccine (bestly three doses) is still the most important thing we should take care of during a pandemic.
2513	19	Of course, among the Poles there are still people who cannot get vaccinated, even because of a reduced immunity (e.g. persons after transplantation) or with ongoing anti-inflammatory therapy. Among us there are children who are too small to be able to benefit from the protection that the vaccine gives, says Dr. Aneta Afelt from the Ds Team. COVID-19 at the headquarters. Let us pay attention to what is happening now: we have a wave of infections among children and younger and the wave of PIMS, which is the echo of the autumn wave of infections as a Delta variant. Are we really ready to risk the lives and health of our children and refuse vaccination? A rhetoric expert.
2513	21	"Dr. Afelt indicates a certain correctness visible in any epidemic – including SARS-CoV-2. The new pathogen that enters the game relates to ""success"" in the colonization of humans either in a specific age group, or a group with a specific health condition. As a rule, children have a fairly effective immune system, so they are somehow the last ""client"". In 2021, there will be a growing number of diseases among the youngest. This means that the coronavirus has ""judged"" for the last element, he emphasizes."
2513	23	What happens if the Poles are not vaccinated against COVID-19?
2513	25	At this question, Dr. Aneta Afelt replies: The effects of this are already visible even in the decision to cut the quarantine. The number of people in the quarantine has already reached such a level that they have begun to lack hands to work.
2513	27	"If so many Poles will continue to be unvaccinated, if we will continue to allow the population to become infected naturally (which also happens because of the non-compliance with the sanitary regime), then we will simply have to deal with the next waves of infections and the next variants that colonize us freely. Looking from a scientific point of view and taking into account the calculation of probability, I don't think that Omikron is the last variant that is able to ""make"" in the epidemic reality - the expert assesses. “And here comes the question: are we, as a society, able to accept that every six months we will be excluded from the labour market for a few, even a few weeks, because we have been infected with the virus and as untransplanted the disease we are getting worse? If so, how do we think about the competitiveness of our economy?"
2513	29	"Dr. Afelt points out that this type of epidemic ""sicknesses"" shorten the life of the population, but also the quality of that life. Long covid complications will have their health consequences. Moreover, they are already beginning to be visible, among other things. As a society, we live less. In Poland, deaths that are clearly associated with the ongoing epidemic (whether the direct cause is SARS-CoV-2 or lack of access to medical assistance) begin at the age of 35. Statistically, our population aged 15+ has at least one chronic disease, starting from the age of 35."
2513	31	From the public health point of view, we are a society sick and sensitive to situations like the current epidemic. To be honest, we do ourselves harm, and more, it happens on our own desire, says Dr. Afelt.
25130	1	Deputy Minister of Sports and Tourism. Who is?
25130	3	The head of the Ministry of Sport and Tourism was Arkadius Chartoryski. Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki appointed him as Secretary of State. Chartoryski will also be the official of the government for the development of children and youth sports. Who is the new Deputy Minister?
25130	5	Arkadius Chartoryski is the new deputy minister. The resort calculates its successes.
25130	6	The new man in the sport and tourism resort, the ministry described on its website.
25130	8	Arkadius Chartory is from Ostroelka and graduated at the Catholic University of Lubel. He then worked as a teacher in secondary schools. He was the Chairman and Council of the City Council.
25130	10	"“In Ostrołęca during the presidency of Arkadius Chartorysky from the foundation was formed a local sports-view hall named A. Golasia and three school sports halls at SP. No. 10, at 3 LO, at SP. No. 6 and many other sports facilities,"" the Ministry of Sports and Tourism said."
25130	12	Five times from the list of PiS was elected to the Sejm
25130	13	Chartoryski also served as deputy marshal of the Mazowiecki province. He remained in 2003. Five times from the list of PiS was elected to the Sejm. In the past he was also Deputy Minister, but in the Department of Internal Affairs and Administration. It was in 2005-2006.
25130	15	"“The great passion of Chartory’s deputy is the networking. In Ostrołęca he co-founded two networking clubs, OTPS ""NIKE"" Ostrołęka and ASPS ""NET"" Ostrołęka and the Academy of Mini-Networking"" - describes his character MSiT."
25130	17	The resort also reminds that the deputy Chartorysky is known for participating in the historic reconstruction groups and organizing many of this type of inscenications.
25130	19	The award was also awarded with the following titles: The Merited Activist of Physical Culture, the Cavalier Cross of the Order of Merits of the Republic of Hungary, the Gold Medal for Merits for Fireworks, the Gold Medal for Merits for Defence of the Country.
25131	3	The summer wave of coronavirus in Poland began in mid-July, when the number of infections began dangerously to reach 3,000. of Cases. Another record of infections fell last Tuesday, July 26, when MZ indicated more than 5,000. In the following days of the week, the average number of infections was about 3,5 thousand. The disease is COVID-19. We already know how the report looks on Saturday, July 30 and how many people have been infected with SARS-CoV-2 over the past time.
25131	5	The latest report on coronavirus in Poland: 3687 infections
25131	6	Today’s list reports about 3687 coronavirus infections over the past 24 hours – 581 patients from this section are people who have previously suffered from the disease. The Friday report talked about 3391 cases, so we see a small but worrying increase in the summer wave. The new list also tells the number of tests (10 814) and the orders for POZ tests (3614), giving the possibility to compare the diagnosis to the presented results.
25131	8	The Ministry of Health has also published data on how the detected number of diseases on COVID-19 is distributed in different provinces: Mazowiecki – 626 cases, Slezski – 405, Malopolski – 324, Dolnoślski – 266, Velopolski – 244, Lodzki – 231, Podkarpaki – 197, Maritime – 195, West-Morski – 177, Lubelski – 161, Kujawsko-Morski – 147, Podlaski – 144, Warminsko-Mazurski – 120, Svatokrzyski – 99, Opolski – 78 and Lubuski – 74.
25131	10	The Saturday report also contains information about the deaths. Unfortunately, 14 patients died, 10 of which had conjunctive diseases. There have been seven healers and no one has a quarantine.
25131	12	The fourth dose of vaccines against COVID-19. Over 374 thousand. Records
25131	13	According to Minister Adam Niedzielski, from 22 to 28 July over 374 thousand. Citizens registered for the fourth dose of vaccines for seniors 60+ and people over the age of 12 with immunity deterioration. More than 127,000 have already been received. The preparations. At the same time, a campaign to promote vaccination for the specified groups was launched. The Ministry of Health sends SMS calls for registration.
25132	1	The coronavirus. In Wuhan again lockdown for millions of citizens. Four cases of infection
25132	3	China continues to reject the party’s “zero COVID” policy. Nearly a million inhabitants of the outskirts of Wuhan city again covered were locked. All about four people who were infected with coronavirus.
25132	5	Wuhan, from which, according to the researchers, the coronavirus pandemic began, was again covered by a partial lockdown. All about the detection of cases of non-symptomatic coronavirus infection in four inhabitants of Jiangxi district, BBC reports.
25132	7	of China. Wuhan again covered with lockdowns. Four cases of coronavirus infection
25132	8	Two days ago in Wuhan, a city of 12 million citizens, regular tests showed two non-symptomatic cases of coronavirus infection in residents of Jiangxia district. Therefore, citizens of the district were ordered to stay in their homes or apartments for three more days. During the checking of the contacts of the infected persons, the authorities found two more cases of non-symptomatic infections with the SARS-CoV-2 virus.
25132	10	Wuhan became known worldwide at the breakthrough of 2019 and 2020 as the first place where scientists discovered a new coronavirus, as well as the first city that was subjected to severe restrictions related to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic.
25132	12	China, satisfied with the effects of these lockdown, still applies the “zero COVID” strategy, which includes mass tests, as well as strict rules of isolation and lockdown. Through this, this highly populated country manages to maintain the pandemic in the reefs, and infections and deaths are relatively few. However, this strategy affects both the citizens themselves and the economy of China, which is burdened by high frequency and prolonged blockades.
25133	1	Joe Biden defeated the coronavirus. U.S. President Ends Strict Isolation and Returns to Work
25133	3	The White House that the 79-year-old U.S. President Joe Biden did not and almost no symptoms of COVID-19 and today is returning to normal work.
25133	5	In a daily report on Joe Biden’s health, President’s doctor Kevin O’Connor that the U.S. leader has ended his five-day treatment with antivirus PAXLOVID, he has no temperature and has not taken antiviral drugs for 36 hours.
25133	7	The symptoms of the disease almost completely disappeared. “The antigen tests carried out yesterday evening and this morning gave negative results,” O’Connor wrote, adding that the U.S. President will end full isolation today, although for 10 days in the surroundings of other people he will be preventively wearing a mask.
25133	9	The presidential doctor explained this decision by the fact that after treatment with PAXLOVIDEM in some patients, the virus may be re-detected. The White House has announced that the President of the United States will be regularly tested on COVID-19.
25133	10	Joe Biden is returning to normal work and still today he will speak a short speech to the Americans.
25134	1	There is energy, there are pinguins.
25134	3	The German city of Lübbenau is located about 90 kilometers south of Berlin and 75 kilometers from the border with Poland. His latest history is not at least an example of success and the city rather seems to accept the fact that the best years are already over. However, he does it in an interesting and impressive way, among other things with the help of the pinguins.
25134	5	The population is about 16,000. residents and geographically belongs to the Spreewald region. This name refers to the Spreva river which, along with its wide channels, flows near this town. Once, in the Enerdovs, the energy industry and large residential settlements in the center near the station made that in 1981 the population reached 22 thousand. After the collapse of the socialist state and the closure of the majority of factories, the number of inhabitants decreased systematically and in 2021 it was only 15,200 people.
25134	7	The world’s largest coal power plant
25134	9	Lübbenau has a great history of coal energy; in 1959 the largest coal power plant in the world was built here. It had a power of 1.3 GW and employed 5,000 people. In the 1990s, after a systemic breakthrough, it was decided to close the power plant, which under capitalist conditions was already considered unpaid.
25134	11	Currently, the energy supply in Lübbenau is responsible for the Stadt- und Überlandwerke GmbH Luckau-Lübbenau (Süll), whose main shareholders are the city of Lübbenau and the nearby municipalities. Energy is generated mainly in gas blocks. The Lübbenau heating plant is currently installed with two top boilers (each with a thermal power of 20.5 MW) and two cogeneration modules (1,2 and 0.8 MWel). The plant is powered by group H natural gas from its own high-pressure network.
25134	13	Süll has a medium voltage transmission network through which electricity is distributed and its own city heat transmission network.
25134	15	On the ground between the railway station and located north of it the residential settlement is now located tzn. The “energy field” was formed by the cooperation of the city of Lübbenau, Switzerland’s Repower and Süll. This is the place available to everyone on which you can see the innovative wind turbines “Windpillar”. With winds above 10 meters per second, the turbine is able to produce 17 250 kWh per year. The German branch of Repower has since 2010 operated the nearby wind park Kittlitz, which was built on the ground of the former exploration mining with the same name.
25134	17	Swimming Pool with Pinguins
25134	19	Lübbenau attracts tourists with an unusual offer. It is a great pool with 31 pinguins. Guests can observe birds through thick shells or take part in educational courses that end with the slashing and feeding of the pinguins. Even before the pandemic explosion, more than 5 million guests visited the pingvin pool.
25134	21	Initially, in 2007, Spreewaldwelten GmbH acquired two urban swimming pools, from which, after many repairs, the present water resort was formed. “Spreewaldwelten GmbH belongs to the city of Lübbennau and the local housing company,” says Sabine, who is leading educational lessons with the pinguins. The housing company, which belongs to more than 4100 apartments in Lübbenau and Altdöbern, in an interview with Businessalert WIS confirmed the fact that it is a shareholder of Spreewalswelten Gmbh.
25134	23	In the 2019 balance sheet report, Spreewaldwelten was listed as the profitable company of this company, which due to the high number of guests and the completion of the hotel building, which belongs to the pool complex, positively surprised the mother company, generating profits. The profitability of the pool and related restaurants and hotels confirmed in a conversation with BusinessAlert.pl also the person conducting educational activities. The Spreewaldwelten company is still profitable and is funded by its own funds, although water heating in the pool is unreasonably energy-consuming. In the case of pinguins, there are also costs of cooling food for these animals – frozen fish is stored in a large refrigerator.
25134	25	At the editorial question concerning the high energy costs, neither Spreewaldwelten GmbH, neither WiS housing co-operation nor the local energy supplier Süll gave no answer.
25134	27	In Germany, many swimming pools decided, facing high gas prices and the possible lack of this raw material, to lower the water temperature. For example, in Stuttgart, the water temperature is up to 26 degrees, not 28, and in Detmold, it is up to 24 degrees. The other is in Munich, where the swimming pools put on geothermia. There you can still swim in the heat.25135
25135	3	It’s not bad in Poland, it’s amazingly bad. The puppy crossed the measure of the bird to another success. You should not deepen the topic, as the executor did not deepen the channel, so instead of ships there will be kayak swimming.
25135	5	"Political and strategic investment, according to the writers, even military, has turned into tourism. It’s easier to visit the area with a boat than a submarine. The barks had a channel to transport Bolshevik coal. Now you will be able to transport the air in well-pumped mattresses. Stanisław Tym, a cowboy from the ""Rejs"", fled by a vessel around the Ves. On its celebrated 85th birthday, it can go a lot further, through the Fairy Eagle in a new, not less absurd journey. As long as the Russians don’t get to sleep with the sappers, they’re swallowing behind the Bayraktar of Sierakovsky. As long as the writer's success will drain the land by the homeland, connecting the channel with the CPK. And it will not be a network of channelled meliorative roves, with a transition in Włoszczov, because Poland is unfortunately not meliorated, only by PiS zaorana. The work will hide Kaczynski by country. The president praises the channel and tells about the enemy torpedoing the CPK. He promises the rise of the airport in Baranova, as if he raised a claim against Poland's deceiving traitors. It would be easier for him in Modlin, the fortress is already there, the ground prepared for the expansion of the airport, no one protests, and the municipality is waiting for the investment. The problem that could be promised by the Baranov to the Chinese and our line to which they will sign the Trans-Siberian. Poland is perfectly suitable not for the central European communication port, but for the central shipping warehouse of Chinese badge. Per this is its historical fate under the government of the devils.25136"
25136	3	In this bold list we will show the most important events of the week. There will be a little bit about new technologies in motorcycle and the cannabis inflation. We start!
25136	5	Friday 24 June
25136	7	New technologies, old problems
25136	9	The famous Japanese car manufacturer has stopped the sale of one of the supernova models of electric cars – we read on the portal “Money.pl”. Those who have already bought it recommend not using the car. Factory cars failures are, of course, no sensation, but we were interested in the reason to withdraw cars from the sale. There are no faults in chips or errors in the software. The accident was caused by problems with the wheels fixing the wheels – they may fall off while driving. We don’t know how the problem will be solved, but we’re sure that the engineers responsible for the design will have a strongly drawn slope.
25136	12	Weekend 25-26 June
25136	14	The giant aircraft is not flying.
25136	16	World media and social media are broadly commenting on the film, showing the vision of the giant aircraft – the hotel of the future. The film was published by the Yemeni popularizer of science. The aircraft could take 5,000 guests on board, which would take advantage of swimming pools, supermarkets, cinemas and theatres. Powered by 20 air engines, the hotel would not have to land for a few years, because the vision assumes that it would be powered by nuclear energy. We have doubts about the possibility of realizing this vision. All this news reminds us a bit of the text from the old satirical radio audition Trójka: “News from the country: A group of engineers built a single-wheeled car. The car does not drive.”
25136	19	Monday 27 June
25136	21	Ethics for Baker
25136	23	This can be a strong candidate for the title of the “Invasion of the Year”. One of the “Great Four” advisory companies will pay in the U.S. a $100 million fine. Why? It was revealed that the company’s employees – including the candidates for auditors – took the exams (and more specifically – shared each other’s keys to answer). Half the poor that they pulled. Worse, that unfair practices took place during the exam of... professional ethics. This is a good idea for independent auditors. Although, on the other hand, in the times of career pursuit, nothing will surprise us. Unless it will be a draw on the practical exam on a driving license.
25136	26	Tuesday 28 June
25136	28	10 Years and Curiosity
25136	30	There is no end to the years of Warsaw Investment Group. The process, which concerns the loss of 250 million PLN (invested by 1,2 thousand people), lasted more than 10 years. It ended with the kidnapping of the leaders of the WGI in 2020. Now it will start again because the Court of Appeal has repealed the judgment, the media reports. Although the case is not fun for either the accused or the injured, it’s hard not to get the impression that the work of justice in this case resembles Monty Python’s kick with the Olympic finale of fun in the hidden. After the two players reached the same time – over 11 years – in search of the rival, the judges recognized that there was a remission and managed the drive.
25136	33	Wednesday 29 June
25136	35	The Punishment of Influencers
25136	37	UOKiK imposed penalties (from a few to tens of thousands of dollars) on several well-known influencers for “the lack of cooperation with the office”. Let’s explain that this is the process conducted by UOKiK regarding m.in. the proper indication by them of advertising content in the materials placed on the Internet. As UOKiK reports, the punished persons did not want to provide information or provide the required documents. More interesting than the UOKiK decision itself is the response of the internet users. Let’s say that it is far from compassion. The comments clearly show that the influencer in the eyes of the Internet users is someone that no one likes, but everyone would like to be.
25136	40	Thursday 30 June
25136	42	Cannabis inflation
25136	44	The Polish man must now work more than an hour to eat in McDonald’s Big Maca, Money.pl reports on MoneyTransfers.com. Ten years ago, in Warsaw, the price of Big Maca was equivalent to 36 minutes of work. As a result, Poland is among the 11 countries where the sofa is the most expensive. How do we deal with that road? As we know, an excellent advice on the amount of meat consumed by less wealthy Poles is served by the owner of Comarchu.
25136	47	Plus a week
25136	49	Optimists live an average longer than pessimists – this is the result of a study of more than 160,000 women conducted by one of the U.S. universities. This is a comforting message. We are now waiting for research that will find that the rich live longer than the poor.
25136	51	Minus Week
25136	53	Venice has a lot of one-day tourists cheating the streets of the historic city and – worse – unable to earn the hotelers. It intends to introduce a fee for this category of visitors. The best way would be to first get to change the titles with the authors of the guides, most of which are “Venice in one day.”
25137	1	Day after day – Economic Weekly with Eye Close, 20-26 May
25137	3	In this bold list we will show the most important events of the week. It will be a bit about the export success of the Polish construction table industry, as well as the official awards for Polish Lad...
25137	6	Friday 20 May
25137	8	Whoever gives in time gives twice.
25137	10	It seems that not only the tax system will be changed twice a year. The government is considering a double increase in the minimum wage by 2023 – in January to 3350 PLN, and from July to 3500 PLN. We don’t want to trigger a wolf from the forest and remind that in 2019 the ruling party promised an increase in the minimum wage by the end of 2023 to the level of 4,000 PLN. As you can see, the fight against inflation is going on a full pair.
25137	13	Weekend 21-22 May
25137	15	Before the climate debate, we have to stop.
25137	17	The World Economic Forum begins in Davos. In the media, the dominant topic was of course the consequences of the war in Ukraine. However, it should be noted that the main issues of the forum should be among others. After the pandemic and climate change. A bit of controversy raised the approach of the participants especially to this second topic. On the internet, there were pictures of the cars that were on the road to the Swiss resort. The passengers of these cars, after arriving at the destination, probably discussed a lot about the limitation of fossil fuels.
25137	20	Monday 23 May
25137	22	Costful mistakes
25137	24	Officials of the financial department received awards for the preparation of the Polish Lod, the Gazeta Wyborcza reports. One of the customs politicians commented on this: – for mistakes it is paid.
25137	27	Tuesday 24 May
25137	29	How many hundred?
25137	31	Increasing fuel prices are becoming a driving force. Maybe to comfort that “they have worse” Money.pl published an article about the cost of tanking aircraft. For example, riding under such a Airbus costs more than 200 thousand. The aircraft costs 23 thousand dollars. liters of fuel. We only add that the tank burns up to 500 liters of fuel per 100 kilometers. The container burns 20 tons. What kind of comfort.
25137	34	Wednesday 25 May
25137	36	Flowers with a slurry
25137	38	You can delay with a lot of things but give flowers for a few days, for example. After an important Jubilee it is very heavy and may have many unpleasant consequences of fall. Therefore, one of the companies engaged in the supply of flowers can not count on a lot of compassion, which has fallen under UOKiK. Her customers complained that she did not deliver on time (or at all) ordered for important holiday flowers. Moreover, in the sales regulations, the company has put down a clause, which in some situations removes the responsibility for the lack of time flowers. UOKIK said that it was not permitted. And rightly. Giving flowers day after day is sometimes worse than not giving them at all.
25137	41	Thursday 26 May
25137	43	Polish investment in innovation would be enough for Samsung
25137	45	There is a lot to say in Poland about the need to increase the cost of innovation. In 2020, 32 billion zlotys were spent on research and development in our country, and the reports on this topic proudly emphasized that over the course of 10 years, more than ten times the growth was recorded in our country. We will enjoy such a high dynamic but like a cold water cube, the information works on us, like the one announced by the Samsung Group. By 2026 it plans to increase the investments in semiconductors and biotechnology to a level of about $360 billion.
25137	48	Plus a week
25137	50	We enter the world through doors and windows. The Polish Institute of Economics writes about the successes of the Polish construction table industry. The total share of the industry in the world’s exports of this type of products amounted to 16.1%. Our specialty is m.in. In 2021, Poland was the world leader in the export of plastic and wooden windows, reaching 36.2% respectively. and 28 percent. participation in global exports. In addition, she was a vice leader – after China – in the export of aluminum windows and doors with a share of 9.2%. And the third, after China and Brazil, exports wood door with a share of 8.3%.
25137	53	Minus Week
25137	55	The Minister of State Assets promises that the Poles will earn as much as the Germans. In 2019, the company Grand Thorton calculated that we would be equal to German earnings in 50 years. Some economists say about a few years – assuming the current pace of growth. The question is, how much will Germany earn?
25138	1	Day after day – Economic weekly with an eclipse of eyes
25138	3	The day after day is a cycle in which we show you the most important events of the week. There will be some changes in tax or sugar tax. This is not an objective summary.
25138	6	1 January
25138	8	I like to shoot.
25138	10	“I love the smell of the napalm in the morning,” said William ‘Bill’ Kilgore, one of the heroes of the famous ‘Apocalypse Time’. The supporter would also feel good in the silvestrove evening (and a few days later) in Poland, where after a yearly show of artificial fire, the swelling of burned fireworks is taken into the air for a long time. Pandemic is not a pandemic – many Poles (with the disappointment of the owners of animals) love the canyon. This is also seen in EU statistics. According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland, 11,000 tons of fireworks were imported from the EU to Poland in 2019. The leader is Germany, which brought up to 38 thousand tons.
25138	12	Weekend 2-3 January
25138	14	It is not good
25138	16	The Ministry of Finance has published on its pages information about tax changes in 2021. As we know, in addition to a few beneficial, this year, a number of new solutions have entered into force, which, by saying, are not business-friendly. The Department of Communications does everything to not call things by name. When writing about the taxation of the CIT, the commodity companies use the expression “disruptive regulations”. And informing about the introduction of the trade tax, he is convinced that this tax is not new at all, because it has been introduced a few years ago but only its entry into force has been rejected. The way is reason. So much that this equilibristic word, whose purpose is to avoid at any cost the expressions of “new taxes” resembles a bit the dilemma of a certain leader of the house of culture from the time of the PRL. He was preparing a punk concert. Unfortunately, according to the punk style at that time, the team had a vulgar name “Pr...e”. The talented manager, however, escaped from this unhappy situation and wrote on the poster that the team will play “It’s not good.”
25138	20	Monday 4 January
25138	22	Not just sugar is harmful to health.
25138	24	“I don’t see anything wrong in it. Sugar is unhealthy, so it should be subject to greater tax,” said Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, who was asked about the tax introduced since January for some sugar-containing products. As we know, it has caused. Increased prices of sweetened beverages. Some manufacturers are already combining with reducing the volume of bottles so that consumers do not raise so strongly higher prices on the shops. The commentators emphasize that the Polish sugar tax is extremely high (third high in Europe, after the UK and Ireland) and that it has not contributed at all in other countries to the reduction of the problem for example. the obesity.  Going through this troupe, you should expect taxation of chips, milk, bakery, coffee, margarine and many other products that are described in popular health advice as having a negative effect on the body. These ideas appeared a few years ago. The prime minister can only be reminded that, according to some, the most harmful to health is stress. They can cause it, etc. Increasing prices and taxes in shops. How to tax it?
25138	28	Tuesday 5 January
25138	30	In the EU Official Journal, what you have to do today, do yesterday
25138	32	“Prokrastination is the result of a competition between the limbic system and the prostate cornea” – so scientifically describes a characteristic known to many people that consists in delaying doing something for later, often for the last moment. Some people try to joke with it saying, “What you have to do today do tomorrow, you’ll have two days of vacation.” But it is not always laughing. This is especially important in the case of public procurement. Many executives do this even for a few minutes before the specified deadline which is the cause of huge stress. This time, it’s not the late offerers but the contractors have fallen into the cylinder of procrastination. This is due to the new year’s changes in the Public Procurement Act. According to the Journal of Law, 300 large proceedings may be conducted unlawfully. Why? The contractors – among which there were many offices – who wanted to reach before the new rules enter into force and implement orders according to the existing rules, in some cases announced the proceedings on 31 December. They took their hands and went to Sylvester. The problem is, as the journal reports, that in the case of orders above the so-called EU limits – decide not the date of sending the announcement to the Official Journal of the EU, but the date of its publication. This may happen a few days later. So was this time. The effect is that the orders signed at the end of the new year have been published in January and theoretically should be implemented according to new regulations. This is a good lesson for those who seem to be able to break the system.
25138	36	Wednesday 6 January
25138	37	Better less than more
25138	38	The Polish Agency for Entrepreneurship Development has praised its last year’s infolinic activity. In 2020, more than 100,000 consultations were conducted through it (telephone, e-mail, chat). What was the most frequently concerned by the consultation? Not completely known. According to PARP, the infolinia has been contacted by entrepreneurs who are looking for opportunities to finance their ideas. It is the clear side of the medal. It is known, however, that the great praise of phones to PARP is a request for clarification of complicated mechanisms for example. Subsidies in the EU programmes. We appreciate the effort and commitment of consultants supporting the infoline of state institutions such as PARP, ZUS, or the National Treasury Administration. They have an ungrateful job. But more cautiously we would take to praise the huge number of consultations provided. Of course, through infolinia, a lot of valuable information is provided, but its intense work and often overload is also the result – and above all – of unclear regulations, which must be explained to hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs.
25138	42	Thursday 7 January
25138	44	Computer for Everything
25138	46	What is true is the information in the industry media appeared in the end of the year, but in the economic media it was still on the beginning of January so we notice it because it shows an important, new trend in the design of computers. The famous fast food, along with the manufacturer of peanut butter, has created a computer in the form of a chicken cup. The computer is equipped with the heating function. This allows you to enjoy a warm meal without having to go out to the kitchen. The idea has little to do with promoting a healthy and active lifestyle, but many players and lovers of American chicken will be thrilled.
25138	52	Plus a week
25138	54	The Ministry of Entrepreneurship Development and Technology has announced the start of the work on the new Polish Industrial Policy. Its purpose is m.in. “the development of the native industry and the increase in its innovation, as well as the increased resilience of the economy to shocks, such as a global pandemic.” The idea is good and the previous information indicates that the new policy will take into account many KIG proposals, at the beginning of the pandemic and related to, among other things. Independence from suppliers from Asia or stronger inclusion of Polish companies into global supply chains.
25138	58	Minus Week
25138	60	It appeared in the evening of the announcements (this is by the Cognitive “Gazeta Selectiva”), in which the negative results of the test for the presence of the coronavirus are offered. In addition, they are cheaper than “real” tests. It is a service of the same kind as previously appearing announcements of infected persons who for a fee were ready to report any person to the sanepide as the one they had contact with. Quarantine and dismissal. We have an entrepreneurial opinion of the nation, but there are certain boundaries.25139
25139	3	In this bold list we will show the most important events of the week. It will be a little about the Polish power in the export of a large AGD, as well as the pilot payment program. unconditional basic income, to launch which is missing only... payer
25139	5	Day after day – Economic Weekly with Eye Close, 13-19 May
25139	7	Friday 13 May
25139	9	smaller bag, bigger bochen
25139	11	in the country. Money.pl describes the serious problem of the rising price of baking, which begins to reflect on small bakers, which so far have competed with quality with the offer of supermarkets. The article encountered the live reaction of the internet users. One of them writes about the situation in his favourite bakery: “Bread costs £14.00, but it has been reduced although the sellers claim that it is the same weight. Because I always take the same bag, in which the bread was hardly placed and even out of the bag, so now the bread takes half of the bag.” A comment can be a clue for sellers not to reduce the size of the bochets because customers will quickly get in mind. The way can be to give smaller bags – bochens will make the impression increasingly bigger.
25139	13	Weekend 14-15 May
25139	15	Exit full of rules
25139	17	One of the economic journals advises “How to Prevent a Cyber Attack on a Official Journey”. We won’t betray the content of the article but we also have a simple advice – it’s best to stay in the hotel after a hard day of work, and if you’re trying to get somewhere out, it’s best to leave a bag with a laptop in the room. and the service card.
25139	21	Monday 16 May
25139	23	Oxygen and nitrogen for more than 700 miles
25139	25	760 million rupees. It will cost the new investment of Orlen. It’s not a “small atom” technology, or some super-modern oil processing facility. So much money will be expensive to put a plant... oxygen and nitrogen. The criminals who don’t know that the industrial production of these gases requires the appropriate technology and charge, ask when the group will build, for example. A billion dollars for water production.
25139	29	Tuesday 17 May
25139	31	Who will pay for unconditional income?
25139	33	In the media sensation – Poland is to join the group of countries in which the most modern, leftist social programs are being tested. A pilot payment program will be launched in Warmi and Mazurah. Unconditional basic income for several thousand inhabitants. In the next two years, they will receive $1,300 for free. Monthly. A few days after the first publication, however, it turned out that there is still a long way to start the program. The reason? No one burns to give money for its realization.
25139	37	Wednesday 18 May
25139	39	Crisis due to a piece of potato
25139	41	To Taiwan move because in the McDonalds restaurants there is a lack of frites. This is the result of disturbances in supply and supply. We remember that a few months ago I had a similar problem. and Japan. The situation was so serious that the Boeing 747 was used for the emergency transport of raw materials for the manufacture of frites. I wonder how the problem will be resolved in Taiwan. Looking at the weight that the world economic media attach to the problem described above, we’t be surprised if Taiwan didn’t go further than Japan and did not use American airlines to solve it.
25139	45	Thursday 19 May
25139	47	Sardinia is missing rich Russians.
25139	49	The residents of Sardinia are missing the wealthy Russians, says Money.pl calling “Washington Post”. The EU’s sanctions against the Russian oligarchs have caused hundreds of workers in the Italian Sardinian region to remain unemployed and unable to accept the pressures. We are not surprised at all. The rich Russians – as shown in the anecdote below – can solve many local problems with their generosity. “A rich Russian arrived at a small hotel, the receptionist left 50 euros, reserving that he will look at the object and if he likes it, he will stay and if he doesn’t, he will take his money. While the guest visited the hotel, the receptionist took the receiving 50 euros a minute ago and ran to the baker, which he owes exactly the same amount. The baker took the money, after which he went to the baker, with whom he had a debt – also 50 euros. The taxpayer was pleased to hide the money in his pocket, but he recalled that he had a 50 euro debt to the taxi driver. He called him and returned his debt. The taxi driver took the money and went quickly to the hotel – the same one who was just watching the rich Russians. In the hotel, the taxi driver met the receptionist and gave him 50 euros he was liable for a recent stay in the hotel. The receptionist took the money into his hand – at that moment a rich Russians appeared, who pulled 50 euros out of his hand saying that the hotel did not respond to him and took his money. The Russians left the city and they were all happy because they paid their debts.”
25139	53	Plus a week
25139	55	We cool and keep the world clean. Poland is ahead of Germany and is the European export leader. The big AGD. According to the Polish Economic Institute, in 2021 Polandined the position of European leader in AGD production. It also advanced Germany and advanced to the second place, after China, on the list of global exporters. Last year the factory produced a record number, i.e. 27.2 million pieces of large AGD, which accounted for 39 percent. production of this type of equipment in the EU.
25139	59	Minus Week
25139	61	The idea is that the local guards can impose mandates for the failure to issue the paragon. It seems to us that the City Guard has a lot of other important duties that it could do instead of hunting on missing paragons.25142
25142	3	"A friend sent a graph. Circulates in NEC. by Sadan Vague. Artist from Ukraine. I give it here, because this pig gives well the battle spirit of the Russian army. To catch up and scratch, here is the idea of a ""bohater"" soldier of the Red Army."
25142	5	In the Russian language, it is the concept of “three” things, which is acquired. Something that is stolen from the victims of the war, stolen from the enemies, is trophy, that is, as if morally justified, stolen “honestly”. It is not a steal, it is a steal, it is a steal.
25142	7	The times are changing, during World War II, they were mainly bicycles and clocks. Today they are computers and AGD devices. For kitchen mixers, laptops and tosters kill people and destroy cities. It seems, when the Russian soldiers controlled Buč, they couldn’t get out of admiration that the Ukrainians’ apartments had laptops and...nutella. It was a symbol of great luxury.
25142	9	Felietonist Christophe Vargas wrathed that the West should swallow those luxury goods, such as kitchen mixers, tablets or scooters on the fields of Far Russia, Buryacy and Siberia, then there would not be war. The Russian soldier, pushed by tossers and nutells, is already so willing not to fight. This is, of course, only a malignant satire, because Putin decides, not a series, and this already has other, broader horizons of negligence.
25142	11	The Putin team is about gold seats and yachts, diamond jacuzzi and palaces. Therefore, the war will last, and the theft of soldiers will grow like a ceiling. Unfortunately.
25144	1	Study of Green Madness
25144	3	Today I am sitting in the office, simulating work-like activities. Radio in the background, and in it lies the refren of a certain song “Let go, paint my world, on yellow and blue...” and I begin to wonder if it’s still Poland or already Ukraine...
25144	5	However, I am removed from these thoughts by the uncle of Facebook, who suggests that today there is another protest of the residents on the Rzeszov market. The protest “to the expansion of the space of green areas in Rzeszov” is striking.
25144	7	This is a good news for anyone looking forward to interesting performances.
25144	9	Ultimately, when our president wanted to talk to the inhabitants about how wonderful and completely lacking of the overwhelming ideas of study for the city of Rzesov, he was even screamed. So by the way, you can congratulate him with the company that was very quickly evacuated from his surroundings as soon as it turned out that people didn’t come there to beat the tribes before the Majestate of the Office. Anyway, the protest under the windows of his rescue will surely rejoice the President – in the end it is worth being close to the voters.
25144	11	The current form of study will soon lead to a domestic war. Between the inhabitants, officials and developers, but I am something I think that someone in Ratus has stated that time to retire – and has proposed to leave what they have in this form. But it’s not so stupid, people scream what they don’t want, experts engaged by organizations for free will correct the errors and then the right people will collect it to the cup (some cup of sure) and voilà! Through the test of fire we will get ready solutions! And the voters are now screaming, and in a year few will remember what this whole scream was about.
25144	13	Please do so
25144	15	Well, unless on the way something else can be “successful” with the plans to restore our wonderful City. But it is impossible, right?
25144	17	So the study and the whole raban related to it is not the gift that Konrad Fijołek counted on the anniversary of his election to President Rzesov. It is on June 13. Well, although there are still culturalia on the way – you will be able to show up with a company of young, energetic people. Every “matenting” will say that it warms the image.
25144	19	It may not be like walking in dresses to the European Parliament, but it’s always something.
25144	21	Although the forecasts show to the inauguration of the cultural halls storms. However, it may not be sick a little. Well, but for students themselves it will not be a problem, although they wash the youth can move the mountains.
25144	23	Anna checked the weather on the wrong side. It rarely falls in Dubai.
25144	25	And so with a little different chap (this is not like a felieton, in which you can fight about everything and nothing) – I highly respect the pages with weather forecasts, because – unlike all others, especially those with information – they don’t steal each other content. Weather is always different in different places.
25144	27	In the end, I usually have an optimistic point. If you haven’t heard of it yet, another “matenting” genius has invented 500 plus for marriages. It’s good to know that in 37 years I’ll be waiting for a couple of extra hundred (which value until that time will fall to the rubber-ball area). And from completely unrelated news, the hears walk (How can the hears walk? The question to philosophers and my psychiatrists) that some gas stations set price pylons with four seats at prices. I don’t understand why the fuel prices will be given with accuracy up to 3 seats.
25144	29	Well, as TVP Info reports, it’s bad in the Norwegian state, because the gas is 13 PLN/litre. I hope that a country where the average monthly wage in 2022 is less than 23 000 PLN will somehow manage it. And we can always send them to the rescue of the Minister Sasina.
25145	1	You will no longer touch the sky.
25145	3	Today we celebrate the Day of the Child – as everybody is someone’s child, I wish everybody the best, the fulfillment of the dreams, and that Putin may dissolve this stupid river. Do not thank. 
25145	5	June 1 has always been associated with me with genuine sinfulness, colors, fun and such genuine childhood that everyone should experience. Of course, with age, teenagers begin to treat this more as an opportunity for a day free from school classes. Always something. But after school time to study – and entry into adult life.
25145	7	Beton for children
25145	9	So it happens that a few days ago (very) celebrated Minister Przemysław Czarnek wrapped in front of the rebuilt building of the rectorate of the University of Rzeszovsky. As a graduate of this first university, I decided to go under this building and I have to admit that it perfectly fits in how the entry of young Poles into adult life in our country looks.
25145	11	Grey, concrete clay, almost without windows, resembling a court or prison clay. Anyone who will study in such a place will feel the joy of living in Poland. When I studied at the UR, I always felt that I missed something – I thought it was about the modern equipment of the halls and the normal hours of classes. I was wrong, it was about concrete in the main building.
25145	13	In order not to be made too concrete, it is worth mentioning that a new tree appeared quite quickly on the rash market. Maybe it looks pretty modest – especially like a plant for a few tens of thousands of dollars – but I guess they won’t exaggerate the tree in the flowering. In the next year, there will be a lot of fun and fun.
25145	15	Where did the parasols go?
25145	17	A propos entertainment on our market – as a result of the nationwide CBSP campaign, some Go-Go clubs, including the Touch the Sky, were closed. I could write something about the untouched loss (and those “righteous parasols”...) but nature does not suffer emptiness and someone will surely fill that hole.
25145	19	For this, no one will rather fill the hole in our portfolios, as Tusk believes, continuously raising prices at the gas stations. You can always go on a walk to react, it will be cheaper. Only not in the top – recently on the German portal Zeit.de you could read the article pt. Right Wanderlust (Right Wanderlust) In this article he says that if you like mountain tourism, then you are probably a fascist. People learn something every day.
25145	21	And the person from whom each of us can learn something is Senator Stanisław Karcewski, who earns modest 37 thousand. It works for the idea every month, on Saturday and Sunday. This is a great way to follow by our children. Another person whose words are worth knowing is Deputy Prime Minister Jacek Sasin – also known as Polish Midas – in a conversation with Polish Radio who said “carbon will not be missing. In the autumn this coal will surely be available to individual customers.” Now we know what to expect. And the certainty about the future is very important when inflation reaches 14% and begins to taste like good wine.
25145	23	But it is also worth adding that despite the small difficulties in life in Poland, in the West is worse, what TVP Info perfectly presents – for example in France we have the highest inflation since 1985. Not to jealousy.
25145	25	Total of 5.2%. Indeed, not to jealousy.
25146	1	Moravian Prime Minister is so antisemitic as the Ukrainian Nazis
25146	3	The peaceful French dog recovered the harshness and swallowed. No, Putin, he can only complaint with him. “Mateus Morawiecki is an extremely right-wing anti-Semit who excludes LGBT people,” Emmanuel Macron said in Le Parisien. This caused a slight consternation of the Polish opposition, because Macron scarified her most radical statements, because the idea to accuse the prime minister of anti-Semitism did not even fall. And the most important thing: not now! But covering a French dog is a valuable event, because it shows what the whole campaign for the dictatorship in Poland was. Yes, what Ambassador Mosbacher recently suggested: part of the same campaign, what the calling of the Ukrainians by the Nazis – writes for the portal Independent.pl Piotr Lisiewicz.
25146	5	You have wondered over the past few years, why is Poland called a dictatorship, although the ruling party gets a mandate from the Poles in the next elections? Why do people argue about the lack of freedom of speech in Poland, although most media support the opposition? Why is the attempt to build a dimension of justice not loaded by political judgments from the times of communism, the tossing of affairs and the extremely pathological arrangements, negatively assessed by the Poles, someone can call it a struggle with the rule of law? 
25146	7	Why did they fall when they were called black white? When the majority of the Poles listened to them, they fell into their heads.  The answer is as simple as scary. It would be possible to bomb Polish cities. They were warned Poland so that no one wanted to defend it, to help it. And if it fails to bomb, it is even because its position does not count after the attack on Ukraine. Because it was known that Poland will stand, it will force other countries to realize what the Polish Prime Minister well defined: “Sanktions are to bring peace to Ukraine, not peace to the unclean conscience of Europe. The sanctions are to stop Putin. If this does not happen, it means that the sanctions do not work.”
25146	9	“It’s time to say this loudly – when it comes to the problems with the rule of law, much of what came to the West was the result of Russian dezinformation,” Ms. Mosbacher wrote. I have to say more. The press on the dictatorship in Poland was part of the campaign that made the Ukrainians Nazi. And the participation of German media and foundation was not accidental. It’s enough to track the sources of this dezinformation and everything is seen as on your hand.
25146	11	The “totality” of the opposition came from the fact that PiS’s dispute with the opposition is not similar to the competition between Republicans and Democrats or the CDU and the SPD. Not the amount of taxes the usual issues are the most important in it. It is primarily a dispute between the possibility of Poland’s independence and the alliance of the Middle East states cooperating with the United States. And the Russian-German lobby, within which Russia is capable of the worst bestials and genocides.
25146	13	And so above all: whoever sympathized with the actions of the Fighting Solidarity, hears in those days in the words of Matthew Morawiecki the echo of the words of Kornel Morawiecki, who proclaims the ideas of the brotherhood of nations and of solidarity. The Son carries out the work designed by the Father, as well as the Autonomous Department of Eastern Fighting Solidarity, led by Jadwiga Chmielowska and Peter Hlebowicz.
25146	15	"Matthew Morawiecki in his master's work on Struggling Solidarity wrote: ""Solidarity in concrete manifestations of social life, life for everyday life should be a realization of Christian ideas of neighbor's love. “Solidarity is a form of the way of society towards (...) a new (...) system, which will undoubtedly contain the main values brought by the Union – i.e. democracy and actual (...) social love.” The idea of solidarity is an attempt to transfer the principles of respect, understanding and love between individuals into relations between national, social or political groups. Solidarity was indeed a challenge for the individualist, usual, western capitalism, but it was, above all, a counterproposal for the unhuman communist system.”"
25146	17	That’s what the Polish anti-Semitists do not know, of course, Emmanuel Macron.
25147	1	Nazi Razi
25147	3	The first pages of the newspapers, popular “single”, should attract the attention of the readers. The most unpleasant uniforms.
25147	6	Years ago, the Weekly “In the Network” called on journalists to stop the “historic campaign of hate”, in the “temate” of pedophilia among priests. And the illustrative cover was found by the chief editor of “Newsweek” Tomasz Lis, presented in the uniform of the SS soldier with the signature: “H like Goebbels.”
25147	9	We don’t miss Goebbels. Even the head of the “No” weekly magazine has been worried after the courts for a few years for the “Goebbel’s state of war.”
25147	12	We are pleased to quote for that. Recently winning opposition journalist Waldemar Kuczinsky, threw into the network of consideration: “Why does this ‘democratic’ press, dependent on foreign centers, not see how wonderfully we are changing the country? Why can’t he see how much social programs give, how we restore morality after the plague created by the predecessors?” It was a quote, and how, from Joseph Goebbles in 1934.
25147	15	After years, however, Jacek Karnowski and the “Sets” have to apologize for the photo of Thomas Lisa in the Nazi uniform. After eight years of publication, the justice has overwhelmed the reports.
25147	18	In all this, it is surprising how often we like references to history. Not the latest anymore. Hitler came to power in 1933, and it was a little bit over. Historyists also remind that Adolf appeared on the Time Week on January 2, 1939, because he was awarded the title of the Man of the Year in 1938. The war ended seven decades ago. But this topic is still up to date. Only in the last period, the head of the Wrocław IPN was appointed a lacking historian. The bestseller was Mein Kampf. They are making another touch.
25147	21	Something is on things. At the same time, The Facto said: “We love the literature of the fact. Unfortunately, the Polish publisher’s offer in this segment is poor – except books dedicated to the biography of Adolf Hitler, the women of Hitler, Hitler’s fighters, Hitler’s generals, Hitler’s agents, Hitler’s architects, Hitler’s dogs, Hitler’s bunker, Hitler’s diet, Hitler’s attacks, Hitler’s allies, Hitler’s tanks, Hitler’s secret weapons, Hitler’s doctors, and Goering’s clothes. There is no doubt Hitler-amateur has something to dress in. Worse with a reader who would like to relax from the struggles and struggles on the east front.”
25147	24	The press reader cannot rest, however, and it breaks it, he calls the chart.
25147	27	More modern Germans, they will not leave the comparisons to brownness. The weekly “Stern” showed President Trump in the Nazi poem. Angela Merkel on the “Der Spiegel” cover? There is no matter. Macron is like Hitler. Please very much. The Le Monde newspaper took care of this and accelerated with such a cover. What about the Czech Republic, should it be worse? In the popular “Refleks” weekly, the face of the leader was placed with a coat, to this black, with a boiling afro cheek.
25147	30	"The weekly “Right” is the palm of Hitler’s priority. Title: The German Trojan Horse. And on her Erika Steinbach in a well-known uniform, sitting on Chancellor Gerhard Schroder. The only ""Heil Lepper"" with the chairman of the Self-Defense in the main role, had to excite Andrei Lepper, who demanded even a million zlotys of compensation. “They want to oversee Poland again,” and in front of the new edition of the week, European politicians are hanging over the map. Merkel in the leadership. This is a reference to the famous picture of Hitler and the generals on the staff maps."
25147	33	The newspaper also didn’t want to be there. Graphics with Donald Tusk in Nazi uniform. Do you not agree with whom? very difficult. The Bingo. with Angela Merkel. They left the tram with the inscription “nur für Deutsche”. What other one should you go out of? the independence? Christophe Stanowski tweeted:
25147	36	“1 Take attention to the Polish disappearance camps in the media. Support the photomontage of the former Prime Minister of the Republic of Germany in the German uniform from the 2nd World Cup. The logic?”
25147	39	Back to Thomas Lisa. The publisher and chief editor, contrary to the judgment of the topic, apologize but do not intend. There is no longer a “network” day. The “net” is. There is no such city in London. It is land. The land.
25147	42	I don’t know what the lawyers are doing.
25147	45	But please imagine the situation that you were in the house of “U Zdzicha” and were stuck there with yellow salad or eggs in mayonnaise. They wanted compensation for gastrointestinal disorders. The independent court recognized it. But attention. The Lord “U Zhrcha” has changed its name to “Zdzisek” and you can jump to us. to the shock.
25147	48	or on a war topic. Germany could not pay war compensation. However, the losses and damages caused by armed actions, did not RFN only III Reich. This is obvious, right?
25149	1	The storm around the Neo-Nova has not yet drowned. 
25149	3	It has been a week of discussion about the Neo-Nova sketch, which has caused emotions among the Poles. The opinion was shared by Monika Olejnik.
25149	5	For a week, Poland has been discussing the cabaret of Neo-Novka. It was a huge excitement among the Poles. First, a storm on the internet exploded, which in the following stages caught politicians and political scientists.
25149	7	Today there is no more to hide that the scene from the life of the Poles presented by the Neo-Nowka has become a pure policy. It is not excluded that the motivation will be used by any of the parties seeking to place the middle of political dispute in the upcoming election campaign.
25149	9	But it was politized by PiS spokesman Radoslav Fogiel, who rather wants to go to war with the members of the cabinet than to turn the whole situation into a joke. This even more warmed the political context of Noah-Nova's Cossal's speech, and the politicians and the cabinet began to respond to Fogl. The spokesman breathed a ball, which is already a snowball.
25149	11	Monika Olejnik shared her observations in her latest felieton for “The Electoral Gazette”. As the journalist emphasizes, the Cossalin audience was daring to dissolve at the accompaniment of the oklasks.
25149	13	Vulgarianism may not fit with some, but this cabinet is the whole truth about our reality. No one has lost the staff for the ballaganian work, no one has lost the staff for the fact that we pay penalties every day. The enemy is Tusk, not Zbigniew Ziobro, through which Poland does not receive billions of gold – we read.
25149	15	Then Monika Olejnik compares the country's departure by the politicians of the power camp to the cabinet.
25149	17	President Kaczynski attacked the country, attacking the Germans, the same does Mateusz Morawiecki. Like in the cabinet. They are looking for enemies as in the Gomula times, when for everything it was possible to blame Germany – he writes on the “Voting” page.
25149	19	A genius appearance, though how to think that after a foolish change you will have to turn off all these inserts from your knees.. then the willingness to laugh passes – commented one of the readers of “The Electoral Gazette”.
2515	2	Law on Compulsory Vaccinations
2515	4	Our proposal for mandatory vaccines against COVID-19 is a attempt to force the government to act, which wants to anticipate the pandemic, said Lewica club chairman Krzysztof Gawkowski.
2515	6	“We need to introduce the vaccination obligation, so that people are healthy, so that they don’t die, so that we don’t have such a mortality rate,” Gawkowski told TVN 24. “Open, wise, responsible party, like the Lewica, wants to submit proposals, not to wait; the government wants to anticipate the pandemic. “There is no consent,” he said.
2515	8	“European solutions show that if we have different types of restrictions, they affect the fact that there are more vaccinations,” he added.
2515	10	"Gawkowski alleged that ""health ministers and government coalition abdicated the pandemic fight""; he also noted that last week health minister Adam Niedzielski did not participate in ""three important health debates"" in the Sejm."
2515	12	He also stressed that vaccinations against certain diseases are also currently mandatory in Poland, and parents who do not vaccinate their children are threatened with penalties. According to Gawkowski, in case of introduction of a vaccination obligation against COVID-19 the penalty for avoiding it should be - just as in case of avoiding the vaccination obligation for children - several hundred zlotys.
2515	14	The announcement of the draft law on this matter the head of the club of Lewica justified by the fact that the proposal to regulate this by the regulation remained unanswered.
2515	16	On Sunday, Lewica presented a draft law on the obligation to vaccinate against COVID-19 for adults; non-vaccinated persons would be subject to a fine. The leaders of the party have called on other formations to support this solution.
2515	18	PSL: Vaccination obligation is based on the Ministry of Health Regulation
2515	20	Kosiniak-Kamysz was asked at Rp.pl if the coalition of Poland-PSL would support the Lewica project if it came to the Sejm. “The obligation to vaccinate is not stipulated in the law, it is only based on the Ministry of Health’s regulations,” he said.
2515	22	"""We have 14 diseases that are covered by mandatory vaccines against it: membrane, cartilage, tuberculosis, viral hepatitis B,"" PSL leader said. “It really works well, and the health minister has the best knowledge, it should have, if it is competent, effective, responsible – that’s how it happens and that’s how it then includes a certain disease on the list of mandatory vaccines,” he added. “This is in the direction of the Minister (Adama) Sunday. I expect a statement from him. It is expected to fulfill the recommendations of the Medical Council, to hear the doctors, not the surveys,” he said."
2515	24	"Asked whether COVID-19 should be the fifth disease that is included in the list of mandatory vaccines, Kosiniak-Kamysz replied: ""It is a infectious disease, spreading in such uncontrolled way, is an effective vaccine."" “There is no more tested vaccine than vaccines against COVID-19, there is no larger fields of research than now on vaccines against COVIDU, because there are millions, dozens, hundreds of millions of people already vaccinated around the world, so it gives the enormous safety value of this vaccine,” he added."
2515	26	“This is the decision of the Minister of Health,” said Kosiniak-Kamysz. “If the government’s analysis of the Center for Strategic Analysis shows that it should be introduced, then let the Minister of Health take this decision as soon as possible,” he added.
2515	28	Asked whether he would be a health minister or whether he would make such a decision, the people’s leader replied: “As we will co-govern, we will make decisions.” “Today the opposition is not from that because there is no such knowledge to dismiss the rulers,” he added.
2515	30	Kosiniak-Kamysz pointed out that a serious approach to vaccination obligation should be taken against doctors, DPS employees and teachers.
2515	32	Levica Ambassador Adrian Zandberg said on Sunday that to restore control over the healthcare situation, mandatory vaccines, covid passports and restrictions are needed for non-vaccinated persons. Employees should be entitled to refuse to perform their duties in a situation where they do not have an epidemic safety at work.
2515	34	Ministry of Health: Volunteering
2515	36	“Since the beginning of the pandemic, I think that there should be volunteering that everyone should decide about his life and health. Certain restrictions are necessary. But if it’s just forced to vaccinate, I’d think about it,” said Vice-President Waldemar Kraska.
2515	38	"He said the government could consider ""forced vaccination of certain professional groups, we are talking here about medical staff."" “The new data we have is the level of vaccination of doctors at 92 percent and 81 percent. the nurses. Here we can get better resistance,” Kraska said."
2515	40	The Ministry of Health said that on the next meeting of the Council on 8-9 December, the draft law on the Compensation Fund will be processed.
2515	42	Kraska was also asked for a suggestion of the health department before Christmas. A year ago, representatives of the government, the Ministry of Health called on to limit the excursions for Christmas and to meet only in the group of the nearest few people.
2515	44	“The most important thing is to get vaccinated. This day will be warmer and safer. I wish this to all the Poles that we meet on Christmas as people vaccinated,” the deputy deputy said.
2515	46	He said, “This is not the way.”
2515	48	The journalists asked the deputy chairman of the PO, Thomas Siemoniak, on Monday if he could support this law. “I’m a supporter of vaccines, I’m alone after the third dose, I’m taking others,” said Vice-President of the PO Tomasz Siemoniak. “By appreciating the good intentions of the designers, I think this is not the way. It’s not a coincidence that only in one country, and it’s only since February, such a system of compulsory vaccines is introduced,” he added.
2515	50	According to him, the government, which does the vaccine campaign without conviction, should do much more. “To force someone is the end, especially that it will lead to the flowering of the grey zone. We already hear about false certificates,” he said. He also noted that such a obligation does not require a law, but a regulation, and such a regulation can be issued by the Minister of Health.
2515	52	“Let’s look for positive solutions,” Siemoniak called. “But we’ll see when the project is ready, what solutions will be there,” he said.
2515	54	For now, as he added, the government does very little, the government’s commissioner ds. The vaccination has disappeared, there is no cooperation with the Church, and the booklets to the boxes are sent on Polish Lada, not on vaccines. He added that in Portugal, which is culturally and materially close to Poland, there are about 90 percent of the vaccines.
25150	1	Not Black, not Najman, and Anna-Maria Zhukowska. Winner of an unusual competition
25150	3	Anna Maria-Zhukowska from Lewica won this year’s competition for the “Biological Blur of the Year”. “There are situations that a biological man is giving birth to a child.”
25150	5	Not every nomination for a different type of plebiscite is a reason for pride. There are competitions in which the presence among the nominated is not what we would like to praise on a family meal or a evening meeting with friends. This was the case with Anna-Maria Zhukovskaya.
25150	7	23 per cent. Internet users have decided that this year’s award for the “Biological Blur of the Year” will be in the hands of the members of the Lewica. “There are situations that a biological man is giving birth to a child.” The quote comes from one of the programs on the TVP Info antenna. What is this morality? It can be said that it is better not to appear in the TVP.
25150	9	It has left a strong competition. On the stage of the contest were Jan Duda and his theory of homosexuality that can be infected, as well as Marcin Najman, who in the vaccines of AstraZeneka and Johnson & Johnson found the cells of the killed child. Following the fate of Nayman's career, this lack of victory should not exactly surprise anyone.
25150	11	Last year, Kaja Godek won for saying that “there is nothing like orientation.” There is no such city as London. In his way, the pro-life activist could take this plebiscite an honorary patronate.
25151	1	Silver for Sunday (for silence is gold)
25151	3	France will pay
25151	5	"National Union leader Marine Le Pen, who arrived in Poland at the Warsaw Summit, the meeting of the leaders of 13 European right-wing parties, referred to the actions of the Polish government in the dispute with Brussels in an interview for the ""Rzeczpospolitej"". Moreover, she declared that: “TSUE has imposed a million euros a day penalty on Poland for violating the rule of law. France will pay the penalty for Poland. We are a net payer to the EU budget and we will take away those costs from our surplus.” Mr. Le Pen is on the presidential election in his country. I wonder if its voters have already learned about the interview and what they think about paying the bills for PiS. I have an unclear disappointment that from such statements the slopes of support for the golden Marine strongly will not increase..."
25151	7	Warsaw in Budapest? pleasantly!
25151	9	Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who also visited the Warsaw Summit in Warsaw, failed in trying to appeal the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union to the Hungarian Constitutional Court. The EU has issued a judgment against Hungary in December 2020 in connection with the European Commission’s complaint that their asylum regulations violate EU law. The Orban Government has submitted the TSUE judgment to the Hungarian Constitutional Court. Unfortunately, it turned out that the Hungarian Constitutional Court ruled that: “It is unable to suspect the judgments of the TSUE or to examine the superiority of EU law.” We advise Prime Minister Orban to go to Warsaw in the event of a further dispute with the TSUE. There already Mrs. Julia Priłębska will not only make the judgment after his thought, but also make a delicious gourmet cooking...
25151	11	Experimental horror
25151	13	Vice-Ministry of Infrastructure Marcin Horaela, and at the same time Head of the Central National Shepherd, spoke about vaccines against COVID-19 in the “Express Biedrzycka” program. He said that they were “experimental” because: “Normally, the research on vaccines lasted many years, and in this case there was no time to do so.” Moreover, Mr. Horala stated that: “Of course, the limitation of the development of the epidemic and the protection of human health and life are important, but values such as personal freedom and the right to be responsible for themselves are also extremely important and protected by constitution.” How much love for the constitution and what kind of love for freedom is in the heart of Mr. Vice-Ministry... I wonder, has he already swallowed himself within a civil attitude?
25151	15	Christmas break
25151	17	Deputy Minister of Sport Lukas Mejza, according to Virtual Poland, founded the Vinci NeoClinic Company in 2020. The company offered m.in. Treatment of unhealing by modern medicine of cancer and neurological diseases. She was also supposed to help with autism, stroke, Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease, disturbance, muscle disappearance. For such an extensive offer, she demanded a $80,000 increase. Mr. Mejza, instead of resigning after such a scandal, took a curious defense through an attack on independent media and the opposition. Then, as obviously he didn’t convince anyone, he wrecked himself from the light and went on a vacation. He wrote on Facebook: “As a result of the unforgivable media attack on me on a political background, on Wednesday’s briefing I announced the submission of dozens of lawsuits/proclamations, which I have realized and I continue to realize. In order to fully dedicate myself to the struggle for my good name, truth and justice in the coming weeks, I will suspend my participation in the work of the Ministry of Sports and Tourism. I also went to the Seymour marshals for a vacation from the performance of my ministerial duties.” Hmmm, but if the Minister of Mejza is aware that in order to defend a good name, you must first have it...
25151	19	Roman Untouched
25151	21	Roman Giertych has been preparing a lawsuit to the Hague Court against the U.S. government for several weeks. However, he was recently called again to the prosecutor's office in connection with an investigation on the withdrawal of money from the stock company. In order to supplement the accusations. Indeed, the court has already issued a ruling that there is no basis for the proceedings and arrest of Mr. Roman and the use of other preventive measures. However, the prosecutor has stated that if the lawyer does not appear before the investigators again, he intends to request a temporary arrest. In response to the position of the Prosecutor’s Office, Giertych recalled that the courts ruled no basis for his arrest and declared that he would not continue to put on calls. It’s hard, but I’m going to bet on the roman!
25151	23	Walls for Mundurem
25151	25	Jacek Kurski, chairman of TVP, came to a great idea. To support the soldiers serving at the border, he decided to organize a concert “Murem for the Polish Mundure”. This patriotic party for soldiers, which is on the ground 23. The Tactical Aviation Base in Minsk Mazowieckim, has become one of the most expensive stations in history. President Kurski didn’t save on a concert for soldiers, so he spent a fortune even greater than he planned for this year’s Sylvester at TVP. Foreign stars (which is a bit forgotten), such as Oceana or Loona, did not admire the viewers who were dismissed by the choice of a dance repertoire for a patriotical occasion. However, they received 100,000 for the performance, although they sang from the playback. The situation was not saved by even the immortal Edita Górniak, who belonged to those few who dared to sing alive. Good TVP!
25152	1	Silver for Sunday (for silence is gold)
25152	3	Richard Henry
25152	5	Ryszard Czarnecki is undoubtedly very profitable and preventive, especially in financial matters. So last year, in addition to the salary from the European Parliament, paid in euros, he also receives transfers from the Polish Football Association, where he is vice president of the European Parliament. International since April 2018. He declared that he would work there charitatively, with pure love for the network, but as they give him 10 thousand dollars a month, he will not refuse. In addition, PZPS can also be rushed to kilometers, so it would be bad not to use it. Ryszarda Czarneck's car trips cost Polish Union of Siatkova at least 75 thousand zlotys, and according to the documents, only in the period between mid-November last year and the end of May 2021, the European man tanked at the expense of PZPS almost 100 times and put into the bag of his service Citroën C5 Aircross more than 3,5 thousand liters of diesel. If you believe the results of the combustion tests of this model of the car, the politician could pass about 55 thousand kilometers in a half year. It would turn around the Earth along the equation and begin a new circle. As he himself explains, he took part in this time in a lot of meetings in the networking world and matches on four levels of games. Do you remember his winter trip with a broken cabriolet?
25152	7	A little sun is enough
25152	9	The words of President Andrei Dudy on the effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19, which fell on June 15 during the GlobSec 2021 conference in Bratislava some were a bit surprised and surprised. So PAD stated that it is uncertain whether observing the recent decrease in the number of infections: “We can really enjoy that it is the effect of vaccination, or that it is simply the effect of that we have such and not other weather conditions.” And he continued in the same spirit: “Can we talk about the fact that if the number of diseases in my country, in Poland, has fallen at this moment to the level daily as we noted exactly a year ago, that is between 200 and 400 cases every day, then can we really enjoy that it is the effect of vaccination, or is it simply the effect that such and not other we have atmospheric, weather conditions, [that] this is the time of the year? We had no vaccines last year, and the cases were the same.” Antibacterians beat Andrzej Dudze bravo.
25152	11	What to use intelligence...
25152	13	Monika Olejnik invited to “Kropki nad i” the senator, Tomasz Grodzki and during the conversation asked him about the case of the attack on the mailbox of the Minister of State. Marshalek said: “This is a very serious matter and at least those who have exposed the security of the state should consider whether to stop their activities in the government. “If we add that the Vice-President for Security (Jarosław Kaczynski) on a secret session of the Sejm speaks about the plans of Russia’s invasion of Poland, then I don’t imagine that the President would not call the National Security Council in an urgent manner.” The journalist asked the question: “Is Jaroslav Kaczynski an outstanding politician?”Marsalek said after a short thought: “Some people use their intelligence for a bad purpose.” The exchange of views on President Andrzej Dudy has no sense to add.
25152	15	Dissolution at the University
25152	17	Our favourite Malopolian educational curator Barbara Nowak once again blinked with intelligence. A few days ago, she wrote on Twitter: “Shock! The Jagiellonian University is becoming a social agency! It makes a gender-based offer. The first Polish high school, with its history since 1364, applies the segregation of students to neomarxist. The curator attached a picture of the question from the survey, in which students have to indicate their gender, and to choose among others.A woman, a man, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans, a trans. This is a voluntary, anonymous and confidential survey, and the data collected in it is presented to the university authorities, and later on the security department’s website. The results of the survey are also intended for scientific research. In an open letter to the Malopolitan curator rector UJ Professor Jacek Popiel wrote that knowing her earlier statements, he does not expect apologies for the words expressed in the members of the academic community.
25152	19	Although she wanted it, she did not get it.
25152	21	The Senators in majority voted against the PiS supported candidate Lydia Staroń for Civil Rights Attorney. Unfortunately, the result was affected by her regrettable speech before the vote and the lack of answers to the questions of the senators. Asked by the journalists, Senator said, “I’m not sorry, I’m very pleased to be a candidate.” And asked about the causes of the failure, she said, “As it is fighting for people, and not in one party or another, that’s what it is.” Well, if the main motivation of the candidature was the fact that he “will very much”, then there is no wonder.
25153	1	COVID-19 does not go away for a long time. Check if you have symptoms.
25153	3	"A report developed by the University Medical Center in Groningen shows that even one in eight patients infected with COVID-19 can face long-term health problems. The study was conducted at a group of 13,000. The Netherlands, and his results were published on the ""The Lancet""."
25153	5	One in eight infected may have long covid
25153	7	It has been known for some time that some people who have been infected with COVID-19, for many months have health problems due to long covid.
25153	9	The article published by the scientific magazine “The Lancet” shows that Dutch scientists have managed to determine exactly how many patients still suffer from chronic disease after the disease. The UMC staff conducted a survey of 13,000 people. The population of the Netherlands is 12.7 percent. Patients still suffered from disorders within three to five months after infection.
25153	11	“These included mainly chest pain, loss of moisture and taste, fatigue and muscle pain,” said Professor Judith Rosmalen, head of the team, who conducted the study. The authors also mentioned. general breathing problems, pain accompanied by this activity, a feeling of cold or hot, a feeling of swelling (or weight) of the legs and hands, a general feeling of fatigue.
25153	13	The University Medical Center has since 2006 conducted research on the health situation of the population in the northern Netherlands. The Lifelines Project. “Therefore, we were able to check very accurately whether new diseases have actually occurred in humans after infection with the coronavirus,” says Professor Rosmalen.
25153	15	Currently, researchers from the Dutch University are working on exploring the causes of the duration of these long-lasting symptoms.
25155	1	General of the Polish Army. President approves nominations
25155	3	During the Day of the Polish Army, President Andrzej Duda will give general nominations to 11 officers. It will be advanced. General Piotr Blazeusz, Deputy Head of Staff to whom Jens Stoltenberg recently awarded the Medal for the Honorary Service of NATO, or General Prof. Grzegorz Gielerak, a long-term, merited Director of the Military Medical Institute.
25155	5	August 15 is the Day of the Polish Army. On this day, the President, the Chief of the Armed Forces, appoints and advances to higher general levels of new officers. With some exceptions, this happens every year. This time, as stated by the Presidential Office of National Security, President Andrzej Duda celebrated appointing eleven officers of the Polish Army to general levels. The acts of their appointment will be presented during the official, state ceremonies.
25155	7	He was appointed General Dyw this year. Peter Blazeusz, who since July last year is the Deputy Head of the General Staff of the Polish Army. He was formerly Deputy Chief of Staff. Strategic development and preparation at the Headquarters of the Allied Forces in Europe (SHAPE) at Mons, Belgium. At the end of his service, he received from the hands of his Chief General Toda D. Wolters the Meritorious Medal for the Honorary Service of NATO (from English. Meritorious Service Medal.
25155	9	This is the highest award of the North Atlantic Alliance. It is recognized by the Secretary-General of NATO, who signs the nomination.
25155	11	General Peter Blazeus is appreciated by the allies, one of the most skilled officers of the young generation, an experienced linear commander, a graduate of prestigious American military academies and a veteran of war in Afghanistan.
25155	13	Another well-adopted nomination by the army is the advance to the General Division for Prof. Dr. Hab. and med. Gregor Gielerak, Director of the Military Medical Institute. Gen. Gielerak is also a national defence consultant in the field of internal diseases, a member of the Council for Public Health, a member of the State Examination Commission in the field of internal diseases. The position of the head of the WIM has been full since 2007 At this time he developed and expanded the facility so that it became one of the best in the country.
25155	15	The nomination for the gene degree of the brigade was received by Zenon Brusko, the commander of the multi-national North-Eastern Division. The officer led the m.in. The Polish-Ukrainian Peace Forces Battalion in Promisel, the 21 Brigade of the Podhalan Shooters in Rzeszov and the Lithuanian-Polish-Ukrainian Brigade (LITPOLUKRBRIG) in Lublin. In recent years he was a Polish representative at the NATO Allied Armed Forces Headquarters in Europe.
25156	1	Our generosity knows no boundaries. More than $26 billion to help Ukrainians
25156	3	About 10 billion zlotys is the estimated value of the private expenditure of the Poles for aid to refugees from Ukraine in the first months of the war, according to a report from the Polish Economic Institute. Public expenditure is estimated at about 15.9 billion. Public, or paid from our pockets.
25156	5	“The estimated total annual expenditure of the public authorities to help refugees along with the amount of private expenditure of the Poles incurred for this purpose only during the first three months of the war is a total of 25.4 billion PLN,” said Piotr Arak, director of the PIE. He added that this corresponds to 0.97%. Polish GDP in 2021.
25156	7	In terms of public expenses related to ensuring refugees access to benefits and social assistance, as well as the possibility of healthcare and education, it is approximately 15.9 billion PLN.
25156	9	Relationship and money transfers
25156	11	According to PIE, in the first few months, 70 percent of the aid activities were involved. Adults, and half were engaged in helping refugees in a consistent way, i.e. both at the beginning of the war and in the following weeks of armed activities.
25156	13	The most popular forms of support – as the Polish Economic Institute expert Agnieszka Wincewicz-Price indicated – were case assistance and money transfers. According to the report, 59 percent. The researchers were involved in the purchase of the necessary items, and 53 percent. They paid money to the refugees. “The less frequently used forms of support were the assistance to deal with different types of refugee affairs (20 percent). Volunteering and Volunteering (17 percent) and examined). In turn 7 percent. The researchers said they had made their own apartment available to the refugees,” Wincewicz-Price said.
25156	15	According to the study, the Poles spent 9-10 billion PLN on refugees. It is also noted that this is more than charitable expenditure throughout 2021.
25156	17	Commitment quite common, regardless of earnings
25156	19	It is estimated that among people with the highest income (more than 5,000). The percentage of people who provided the highest aid to refugees was three times higher than those with the lowest income (less than 2,000). The ZL. It was also noted that even among those who earn net less than 2,000. The number of people involved in the aid was quite common, and only 26 percent. People from this group did not help in any way. It was also noted that the level of educational assistance was important. People with higher education were more involved in the aid (about 10 points. and proc. more compared to other people).
25156	21	It was shown that with a strong commitment to helping the Ukrainians the association also had factors such as: experience in pre-war charitable activities, direct contact with foreigners (including especially Ukrainians) before the war and regular tracking media information about the war activities and the fate of refugees. Interestingly, women are engaged more often than men in helping refugees. The total lack of involvement in aid describes 28%. Men, with only 19 percent. the women. In turn, taking into account the age, it turns out that among the younger people there was the most strongly engaged, but also the most unhelpful – 27 percent. People aged 20-34 did not help refugees at all (but up to 18 percent). They can be qualified as strongly engaged in bringing assistance.” – it is written.
25156	23	Now we have to deal with them.
25156	25	The report’s authors pointed out that over time the number of people actively engaged in refuge aid has decreased. In April and May, 57 percent. The respondents declared participation in some form of aid actions (in the beginning of the conflict it was 70 percent. of adults). It is noted that up to 50 percent. It indicated the involvement both at the beginning of the war and in the later period when the investigation was carried out.
25156	27	It was also noted that the aid of the Polish society in the first days and weeks of the war was not only material but largely symbolic, because in many cases it preceded institutional aid and significantly influenced the formation of public opinion in other countries. “In the next phase, defined by the authors of the report as adaptation, the constant role of the state is crucial, as it was necessary to integrate refugees into the socio-state system by enabling access to public and social infrastructure and providing institutional support,” the report said.
25156	29	In the next stage of integration, it will be necessary to ensure social cohesion, to mitigate social tensions between the new immigration and the Polish society, and to enable smooth integration in schools, public institutions, workplaces and everywhere there is intense contact between refugees and Polish citizens.
25157	1	Ukrainians make up 8% of Poland’s population, in Wroclaw – 28%
25157	3	Although the number of Ukrainians in Poland fell to 3.37 million in May, they still make up 8 percent. The people of the country – on Monday the Journal of Law. The DGP was based on the results of the latest report submitted by the Union of Polish Metropolities (UMP), an organization gathering the 12 largest cities of the country.
25157	5	Data based on the analysis of information from smartphones and the PESEL number register (a list of numbers obtained by the Ukrainians since the Russian invasion on February 24) give an image of both the Ukrainian immigrants before the war and the last wave of refugees.
25157	7	According to the data, in most of the cities surveyed, the number of Ukrainians fell after the February summit, with two exceptions – Wroclaw and Warsaw. The UMP report also shows which cities are proportionally the most Ukrainians.
25157	9	On the bottom of the ranking is Bydgoszcz and Lodž, where Ukrainians make up 10 percent. the residents. In the case of Wroclaw it is 28 percent, and in Warsaw it is 16 percent, although in absolute values the highest number is in the capital.
25157	11	The highest percentage of Ukrainians compared to the population is in Rzeszov (37 percent).“It is possible to wonder how much Rzeszov and its surroundings are just a stop on the route to other places in Poland and Europe, and how much it is where Ukrainian refugees are inclined to return relatively quickly to their country.”
25158	1	A controversial opinion of the German government. “Not only Russia, but the United States is evil.”
25158	3	The Transport Minister of Baden-Württemberg Winfried Hermann from the Green Party has placed a rather controversial opinion in his work dedicated to the war. He says that in connection with the war in Ukraine, the roles of Russia and the West are too unilaterally perceived. According to him, not only Russia is “warfare” and “bad”, and U.S. interventions have brought a lot of destruction instead of peace and democracy.
25158	5	“The armed conflicts and war involvement over the past 30 years do not justify the image that only Russia is a warrior and a evil in repeated investigation of its interests through military force,” Hermann wrote in the dedicated labor war, which the DPA agency met. “Specific U.S. interventions have brought a lot of destruction instead of peace and democracy,” the author said.
25158	7	“The United States has violated international law.
25158	9	Since the end of the Soviet Union, Russia has carried out brutal wars with violations of international law, with proven war crimes in the alleged areas of Russia’s interests, for example in Chechnya, Georgia and Syria. However, the United States – supported by NATO countries such as France, Britain and Germany – intervened in the same period “with a concentrated military force and partially also with a violation of international law in Iraq, Yugoslavia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, etc.“”
25158	11	Hermann also criticized “unused opportunities for peace” after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Treaty. The opportunity for a new “control and disarmament security architecture that also takes into account the interests of former Soviet states and Russia” has been overlooked for NATO’s expansion to the east.
25158	13	Reply of the Ukrainian diplomat 
25158	15	Former Ukrainian ambassador to Germany, Andrij Melnyk, commented the comments on Twitter: “Instead of relativizing the disgraceful war crimes of Russia in Ukraine, you should rather worry about overwhelmed regional trains.”
25159	1	The French government decided. The Ambassador Ds. LGBT+ rights
25159	3	French Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne has announced his appointment as ambassador to France. LGBT+ rights and a fund of €3 million for the creation of new LGBT+ centers. Moreover, the French government does not exclude the granting of compensation to persons previously persecuted for sexual orientation.
25159	5	The position of the ambassador. LGBT+ is expected to be created by the end of the year. There will be 10 new LGBT+ centers, besides 35 already existing.
25159	7	Borne announced her decision on Thursday during a visit to the LGBT+ center in Orlean on the 40th anniversary of the abolition of discriminating homosexual relations against the heterosexual codes introduced by the Vichy regime.
25159	9	According to the Prime Minister, the ambassador will “coordinate the activities of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to protect against discrimination and promote LGBT+ rights and will bring the voice of France in the world”, in particular speaking for the “universal depenalization of homosexuality and transgender identification”.
25159	11	On the other hand, the draft law presented by the socialist senator Hussein Bourgeois requires compensation for persons convicted of homosexuality between 1942 and 1982. Borne warned that he would look at the document. Treating the wounds that could have been assigned by discrimination is not an easy topic, she added.
25159	13	In 1942, the Vichy regime introduced a law that recognizes homosexual relations with people under 21 years of age as a crime. At the same time, the permission age for heteroseksual persons was 15 years. In 1974, the age of consent for homosexuals was raised to the age of 18. In 1982, it was equated to the limit for heterosexual relationships.
2516	2	Thomas Pietryga: The Case of Sylvia Spurek
2516	4	The behavior of the eurodeputate shows well that ecophanatism can lead to the dehumanization of the world view.
2516	6	Sylvia Spurek, a former deputy spokesman for civil rights, just before the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, where about 1.5 million people, mostly Jews, were killed, allowed to post on social media the painting of the artist Jo Frederik showing the cows in the camps, with stars on the chest, carried on scenes. He says, “It gives you the mind to think, it opens your eyes to how we treat animals.” “It’s time for a serious discussion about the treatment of animals, the conditions in which they live, how we kill them...”
2516	8	The group has an unreliable attitude in this matter. In the course of a year, the domestic violence victims’ rights activist passed into an ecologist who took the animal defense standards. The famous recording in which she protested during a campaign to the European Parliament against the “violence” of mammals, and several statements in a similar tone, seemed to be an extreme approach. However, it is clear that the tendency to extremism of the European Parliament has no boundaries.
2516	10	You can understand the arguments of ecologists who often call drastic examples to move human conscience. It is always a matter of balance and proportion. The Holocaust is the worst material for such comparisons. There are spheres from which happeners should stay away. Respect for the importance of these events. These issues seem to be obvious to civilized people. But not for everyone. The policy of comparing livestock animals to people treated as sheep is not understood.
2516	12	Its attitude not only violates the importance of the Holocaust, but also damages the ecological movement. and Poland as well. He is a representative of our country. Such statements seem to join the orchestra of Putin playing on the node of Polish anti-Semitism.
25160	1	The fourth wave of heat in France. Temperatures will reach 40 degrees C.
25160	3	In many cities in France, the temperature will exceed 35 degrees Celsius from Monday and will reach 40 degrees Celsius in the next few days. The fourth heat wave, according to meteorologists, will last longer than the previous; it will last at least until 15 August.
25160	5	Due to the forecast forecasts in the various departments of France, weather alerts will be announced, which are already in force in Gard and Vaucluse.
25160	7	In Bordeaux, in the southwest of the country, the temperature will reach 35 degrees on Monday, and between Tuesday and Friday it will reach 37 degrees, according to Meteo-France. Local temperatures in these areas will reach up to 40 degrees. The night will also be very hot; in Bordeaux from Tuesday to Friday evening the temperature is expected to be 25-26 degrees Celsius.
25160	9	The appearance of the fourth wave of heat is interpreted by the weather conditions observed above the European continent. A powerful anticyclone associated with the dry and burning weather is now located above the British Islands, and through Portugal the hot air stream from the Sahara reaches France, experts say.
25160	11	The fourth wave of heat deepens the country’s dry and fire threat for several weeks, the meteorological services warn. The top of the previous high temperature wave took place in France on August 3.
25161	1	Our Way by Antoni Macierewicz. It costs $500 more per day than other members.
25161	3	Antoni Macierewicz, as one of the few series members, enjoys the privileges worthy of the minister. It is fully protected by the state. Although specific data is unknown, it may, according to professionals, cost up to $600 a day. 
25161	5	Mariusz Błaszczak, who 4,5 years ago replaced Antonio Macierevich as defense minister. One of the first decisions he made was to establish for his predecessor the protection of the Military Gendarmery. He made a special decision. 
25161	7	"The opposition, though according to the reports of the ""Fact"", tried to find out how this protection generates costs, refused from the wall. The Ministry of Internal Affairs applies to the law on the protection of disclosed information and the security of persons protected. However, he pointed out that protection is within the scope of the military gendarmery’s duties, therefore “there is no risk to the state’s treasures for additional expenses.” Officials performing the service could perform other duties during the time of the protection of the ""usual"" deputy, so as Monika Rosa of Modern arguments, ""it is a serious treatment of citizens and budgetary funds, because everyone is paying for it."""
25161	9	Antoni Macierewicz is still silent on this issue. 
25161	11	According to Jerzy Devulski, the cost of such protection should be estimated at a few hundred zlotys per day (about 500 - 600 zlotys). This is a basic protection consisting of two persons. Not counted in. used car. 
25163	1	Sunday: The infection of the monkey is not high
25163	3	When it comes to action against the monkey ospa, we first and foremost see that the transmission mechanisms are not so sensitive, and the infection is not large, said on Monday in an interview with the Ministry of Health Adam Niedzielski.
25163	5	The minister, asked by the Interia about the actions that were taken in connection with the monkeys, replied that the Polish services worked perfectly.
25163	7	“A visit to a doctor, a preliminary diagnosis of a possible infection with a monkey cough, immediate isolation, rapid epidemiological interview, conversation with people from the circle exposed to infection, their supervision, and, in the meantime, the transmission of genetic material to the NIZP-PZH and the examination – all worked as appropriate,” he explained. He added that the patient feels well, and people around him don’t have any symptoms of this disease.
25163	9	The head of the health department said there are other suspects of infection, but everyone is waiting in the hospital in isolation for the results of the study. The persons who have been in contact with them are identified by the sanitary inspection.
25163	11	“There’s nothing to worry, though there’s probably more cases in Poland. However, I recommend peace and distance to any pessimistic vision,” said Sunday.
25163	13	He estimated that over the past two years work has been carried out aiming at improving both the operation of the hospital and the sanitary inspection. In addition, as he explained, Poland is prepared for the equipment needed to treat a large number of people.
25163	15	He estimated that over the past two years work has been carried out aiming at improving both the operation of the hospital and the sanitary inspection. In addition, as he explained, Poland is prepared for the equipment needed to treat a large number of people.
25163	17	The serpent is a rare, reflecting viral disease. It is usually found in Western and Central Africa. The symptoms include fever, headache and skin outbreak, which starts on the face and spreads to the rest of the body. Infections with the monkey ospa virus have been recorded recently. in Germany, Switzerland, Spain, Belgium, Italy, Portugal, the UK, Austria and Sweden. 
25164	1	The party Together asks the government about the atom. “There is no real will”
25164	3	The Party Together filed an interpellation to the Prime Minister on the nuclear project. It contains questions on key issues related to the implementation of this project.
25164	5	A group of politicians of the party Together in the composition of Maciej Konjeczny, Magdalena Biejat, Daria Gosek-Popiołek, Paulina Matysiak, Adrian Zandberg, Marcelina Zawisza sent to the prime minister an interpellation on the Polish nuclear project. The Polish Nuclear Energy Program is one of the largest infrastructure projects in Poland, necessary to carry out energy transformation and leaving fossil fuels. Its efficient implementation, along with the development of renewable energy sources, is necessary for the Poles and Poles to provide cheap electricity and to reduce Poland’s dependence on the import of energy carriers. At the same time, despite its unalternativity, it seems that there is no real will to implement it. It can be questioned whether it is conducted in a thoughtful and planned manner at all,” the parliamentarians write.
25164	7	“It is possible to observe an alarming chaos within the Council of Ministers, the lack of cooperation between the Ministry of Climate and the Environment and the government official on strategic energy infrastructure and the underlying company Polskie Elektrovne Nukrowe sp. “As well as attempts to launch by the Ministry of State Assets a competitive reactor construction plan with regard to the Polish Nuclear Energy Program, based on unbuilt structures anywhere in the world,” they add.
25164	9	Parliamentarians raise in question a number of questions about the implementation of the nuclear project. “Why was not a competitive process of selection of the supplier of nuclear blocks in the form of e.g. the demand of the supplier with specific conditions, only instead it was seen as unbinding and in the absence of guidelines, incomparable offers from the suppliers? What are the risks of the European Commission’s approval for public aid? Why the environmental impact report, submitted to the General Directorate of Environmental Protection, and developed by the company Polskie Elektrrowe sp. from O.O. for the location Lubiatovo-Kopalino and Žarnoviec is based exclusively on the Westinghouse AP1000 technology, although the supplier has not yet been selected?” - this is just some of the total 14 issues that have been moved by the Party Together.
25165	1	The Different Frontiers of One War
25165	3	Another Russian crime in Ukraine is accompanied by actions aimed at provoking a deep economic crisis in Europe. Russia is hoping that this will be a way to win the war.
25165	6	The situation on the Russian-Ukrainian front in recent days is the easiest to summarize with the statement: “There are no big changes.” Russia is still unable to control the entire Donbass, although it continues to attack. Ukraine begins forced evacuation of the population of a part of the Donetsk district and simultaneously sends signs of preparation for the counter-defence toward Cherson, although it still lacks more western weapons.
25165	8	At the same time, Russian attacks on civilian objects have become everyday, and a particular routine of the crimes committed by the Russians makes many Western media inform only of the most horrible. One of the latest examples was an attack on a bark for Ukrainian prisoners in Olenivka, resulting in at least 40 of them killed and 130 were injured. The Russian propaganda immediately stated that the explosion was caused by the Ukrainian side.
25165	10	The Kremlin has a long tradition of murdering prisoners, and this time it may have been about hiding the bestial torture over them. In recent days, recordings have come to the network showing how the Russians barbarily treat Ukrainian prisoners taken to prison. In the Ukrainian society, this causes not as much defetism as Moscow would, which increases the will of resistance and strengthens the belief that it is a war for physical survival.
25165	12	On this background, a positive signal could be the conclusion of the agreement on July 22 to unlock three Ukrainian ports over the Black Sea, which is intended to allow the renewal of the exports of Ukrainian grain. The document was able to be negotiated with the United Nations, and its acouser became Turkey. The first transportation departed from Odessa on August 1, but the key is the question of the durability of the agreement and its compliance by Russia. The blockade of food exports from Ukraine was intended in the Kremlin calculations not only to deepen the problems of the Ukrainian economy, but also to trigger a food crisis in the countries of the global South, whose consequences would hit the West. Therefore, it would seem that Russia is not interested in removing blocks from Ukrainian ports. Unless the price for this will be the real pollution of some Western sanctions. There is no doubt that Moscow can at any time restore the blockade, accusing Kiev of intended provocations. In the absurdity of lies, the Kremlin is still battling its own records.
25165	14	As of now, Russia has focused on the energy front, reducing the supply of the Nord Stream 1 by 80 percent. Even the strongest believers in the rationality of Russia as a supplier of raw materials have dismissed the illusions – the Kremlin is aiming to boost energy prices to heavenly sizes to deepen the economic problems of the European Union. If anyone has not yet looked at it, Moscow still reminds us that it has declared us an energy war to destroy. The Russian bills are simple – a wealthy and comfortable Europe, facing the prospect of a cold winter, the need to exclude part of the industry, high inflation and mass dissatisfaction of the voters, will proceed “pragmatically”, i.e. remove part of the sanctions and force Kiev to withdraw.
25165	16	Moscow is not here completely without a chance, since even the head of Ukrainian diplomacy Dmitry Kuleba had to publicly note: “Under the pretext of the need to improve the [gas] situation before the winter, some of our Western partners are trying to negotiate with Russia. We will calmly explain to them why their hopes for the constructive position of Russia are incompatible with reality.”
25165	18	However, it is more likely that the Kremlin will a reverse effect – Europe will survive the winter without Russian gas, which will force it to accelerate (although extremely expensive) derusification of its energy sectors. In a war on many fronts, the winner is the one who keeps more consequences and resistance. Whoever fails first will lose.
25166	1	Interview with Kashmir. “Our enemies wanted primitive Poland, and that’s what Tusk builds.”
25166	3	"Donald Tusk is implementing a ""foreign order"", that is, it supports German politics, says Jarosław Kaczyński in a recent interview with the ""Site"" weekly magazine. The PiS leader also assessed that the PO chairman decided to “extreme brutalization of public life.”"
25166	5	"Already in his first speeches he talked about the division of good and evil, he claimed that it was enough to hit stronger and encouraged to do so. Now he decides to the already extreme brutalization and animation of public life,"" Jarosław Kaczyński said in a conversation with Mikhail Karnowski. I write it into a tradition. Our enemies always wanted Poland a primitive, vulgar and rejecting culture. This is what Tusk builds on a foreign order, he said."
25166	7	"Kaczynski then assessed that ""foreign order"" is the implementation of German policy. He added that in his assessment our Western neighbors want “domination over the whole of Europe.”"
25166	9	"Michael Karnowski asked about the question of the introduction of the euro in Poland. Karnowski said that this could lead to the ""acceptance"" of the National Bank of Poland. He added to a recent interview on the networks with NBP President Adam Glapiński, who, in turn, talked about “the crazy attacks on the institution he directs.”"
25166	11	In order to introduce the euro, it is necessary to change the constitution, which they have no chance to do. That’s why they would want to this by the Constitutional Court, they were, who would decide, what the currency in Poland is clearly recorded there, and does not mean what it means. Such votes have already appeared, the politician said in response.
25166	13	Kaczynski about Donald Tusk
25166	15	"In an interview with Jaroslav Kaczynski, Donald Tusk's wing appears also during the discussion of the defence and development of the Polish army. PiS President said that Donald Tusk only ""washed the Polish army"" and he himself entered the government to ""implement a radical plan to strengthen Polish defence."""
25168	1	Kim Jong Un wants to support Putin’s army. This is what equipment Korea has.
25168	3	North Korea can help Russia by sending its troops to Donbass. In the framework of the proposal submitted to Putin by Kim Jong-un, the pro-Kremlin self-government republics in Ukraine should reach up to 100,000. The Soldiers. It would be a serious support for Putin, whose army has increasingly problems with the recruitment of volunteers. Let’s see what capabilities and equipment the Korean Army has.
25168	5	According to media reports, Kim Jong-un has submitted a proposal to Putin, in the framework of which full Korea. Send to the so-called The Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic not only their employees, but also up to 100 thousand. The Soldiers. It is a serious force that can theoretically be a serious problem for the Ukrainian army fighting in the east of its country. In exchange for the transfer of its units to Donbass. It is expected to receive grain and energy from Russia.
25168	7	However, Russia may depend not only on human forces, but also on the artillery systems owned by the Koreans from the north. For years, Pyongyang has invested huge funds in its missile batteries and tanks, including hypersonic structures, using them to intimidate its neighbors and provoke the United States. He does this unfortunately at the expense of his inhabitants, neglecting other industries than military.
25168	9	If the Russians receive support from North Korea, then unfortunately the Ukrainians may have serious problems with the potential reflection of self-reliance pro-Kremlin republics. It is unclear whether North Korean soldiers would be able to take an active part in the offensive operations and occupation of the territory of Ukraine, or whether they may be limited to shooters using their artillery.
25168	11	And the North Korean artillery itself is really powerful, which you will be convinced by looking at the list of weapons that North Korea currently has.
25169	1	"Is it irritating the opposition? ""It works in the mind of Thomas Lisa's strategy"""
25169	3	Small opposition parties will be driven by Donald Tusk's actions. Fake news and fake news. The presence of mercury.
25169	5	This is by the portal wprost.pl. “Small opposition parties are angry at Donald Tusk that he has broken into a narrative about an elevated level of mercury in Odra, even if it was already known that research has not confirmed it,” we read on the page.
25169	7	Opposition actors believe that duplicating the lie, Tusk did badly. Such tactics can disrupt a moderate central elektorate.
25169	9	"“Healthy voters may not like it,” the opposition spokesman said. According to him, Tusk is working in the mind of a strategy once formulated by Thomas Lis, saying that ""everyone has his own facts."""
25169	12	“The Iron voter of PiS believes that the Germans have contaminated Odra. And the hard sympathy of the Civil Platform believes in mercury, even if research does not confirm it. Only that the iron electors themselves do not win the elections – we read.
25169	14	Opposition is striking
25169	16	"Chairman of the Civil Platform Donald Tusk, criticizing the rulers, wrote on social media that ""not only fish in Odra are shrinked, the whole state is shrinked under the Kaczynski rule"", and ""PiS is like a mercury."" In turn, Poland 2050 Symona Hołowni plans to set up crisis stages in the areas where the Odra is fully flowing. Experts will monitor the situation, warn and support the citizens."
25169	18	Recently, citizen coalition deputy Katarina Lubnauer also addressed the issue of river pollution. On Wednesday, she published documents on the network after a parliamentary inspection at the Government Security Center. The letters concerned the reaction of state authorities to the environmental disaster in Odra.
25169	20	Extension of prohibition
25169	22	The press conference on Friday with the participation of the Minister of Moscow Anna was attended by the Western Moroccan Vojvodina. Previously, Zbigniew Bogucki himself met with media representatives to announce the decision to extend the prohibition of approaching the waters of Odra. The prohibition will last until Thursday, August 25 this year. The decision was anticipated and was finally over after consultations with local governors and fishermen.
25169	24	Wojewoda explained that the authorities want to avoid the extension of the ban every several days to enable proper planning of actions for people using the river in some way.
2517	2	Unvaccinated Cook: If someone wants to hang, he can do it
2517	4	For the budget that the government will present - said in an interview with RMF FM leader Kukiz'15, Pavel Kukiz.
2517	6	I am glad that it depends so much on our votes, because thanks to this I am able to introduce laws that I would never be able to introduce myself in my life,” Kukiz said, noting that the ruling majority, among other things. The vote on the budget depends on the votes of the members of the Kukiz'15.
2517	8	In return, I received an anti-corruption law, which has already been signed by the president. Amendments to the WS Regulation. the norek. We have received compensation for the benefits for disabled people, 30,000. Families will be fair, as far as they are treated, many years have passed these people for fair treatment, Kukiz said.
2517	10	We got direct sales to farmers, the judges of the peace are already under the ceremonies of the Sejm, he added.
2517	12	I’m not threatening – so Kukiz answered the question why in that case, if the cooperation with PiS is so well arranged to him, he threatens the ruling party that he won’t vote with her if the Deputy Minister of Sport will remain Lukas Mejza. This is not a threat, it is not a threat, it is not a threat, it is not a threat, it is not a threat, it is not a threat. I talked with President Jaroslav Kaczynski and at some point I said that the President should not deal with that issue that I will immediately move, in political, but in ethical, moral terms. There is no such option to indirectly vote for a government in which a person with low transparency is sitting. It’s not going to get rid of it and that’s all, he added.
2517	14	It does not satisfy me that Lukas Mejza was suspended – Kukiz stressed adding that Mejza de facto went on vacation. You can’t hide, you can hide. He has been in the sports department all the time. I’m not going to work well, I’m going to wait until the end of the year, I’m going to stand until the end of the year,” he said.
2517	16	"This means that in the most important, budgetary vote it will not put pressure on the PSV. Meiji, Kukiz replied that ""if the budget does not pass, the government will fall."" And if the government falls, the option that implementes these laws will fall. I have asked them many times, there is absolutely no interest. PSL threw us out of the coalition, threw the money that was to be extended to promote direct democracy, did not fulfill other commitments. With whom should I talk? It’s a bad thing for me,” he added."
2517	18	"Asked whether he could start in the future elections with the United Right letter, Kukiz replied that he was able to start with any letter ""if there would be sense""."
25170	1	"Tusk grims about the ""dirty state"": PiS is like a mercury"
25170	3	“There are not only fish in Odra, the whole state is slaughtered under the Kaczynski rule. It’s like a mercury,” Donald Tusk wrote on Twitter.
25170	5	"The environmental catastrophe in Odra Tusk also referred to on Thursday, during a meeting with the inhabitants of Jaktorova in Mazowsz. The situation related to the deaths of fish and other animals in Odra is ""one of the biggest ecological scandals of recent years."""
25170	7	"As Donald Tusk added in Jaktorov, since July 26, when the first signals appeared in the case, the rulers ""to date de facto have not sent information to people that the water is poisoned."" “We are all a bit like those fish in Odrze,” he added."
25170	9	“Territorials will help”
25170	11	The head of the PO also reminded that the information on this matter appeared in the Lower Silesia already at the end of July. On July 26, it was already known that Odra is in danger of an environmental disaster, already at that time hundreds of kilograms of drowned fish flowed through Odra. On the 3th of August, a parliamentary interpellation, one of the leaders of the Green Party, from our coalition, filed an interpellation, (...). Today we find out that Mr. Błaszczak sends soldiers there, when Odra is actually poisoned throughout the course, he said.
25170	13	On Thursday, National Defense Minister Mariusz Błaszczak announced on Twitter that the soldiers will be directed to the Odra region. “Territorials and operational troops will help remove pollution on the river,” Błaszczak wrote. “They will also be ready to carry out other tasks,” he added.
25170	15	"On Thursday afternoon, the rbb24 portal that laboratory staff in Berlin-Brandenburg found high concentrations of mercury in water samples. The flood of fish in Odrze on the section from Oławy down has been observed since mid-July. The fishing fish was also observed. in the vicinity of Wroclaw. Wojewódzki Inspectorat of Environmental Protection in Wrocław also on Thursday that in any of the samples taken from Odra in the province of Dolnośląski after 1 August was not found the presence of mezitylene and that ""in all the samples studied starting from 28 July microscopic biological analysis showed the presence of typical organisms for the river Odra."""
25172	1	Moravia is unpleasant. “Oda is as contaminated with mercury as Tusk is truthful.”
25172	3	Matthew Morawiecki did not leave a dry niche on Donald Tusk. This time there was an ecological disaster. The Prime Minister, not wrapping in words, compared the river contamination to... the truthfulness of the PO leader.
25172	5	The whole country is in a dramatic situation. So far, firefighters and fishermen have caught more than 100 tons of drowned fish from the river. An alarming signal was observed for the first time in late July in Oław pod Wrocław, and in mid-August contaminated water arrived in Szczecin. Experts are talking about a huge ecological catastrophe, after which the ecosystem will decline for years.
25172	7	The authorities have been trying for many days to determine what has caused the mass extinction of fish. Initially, studies showed an increased oxygen level and high absorption, and later the media revealed sensational reports of mercury Odry contamination. The presence of this element was intended to prove the studies conducted by the Germans, but later it was found that it was a translation error, and the German services were talking about a high pH in water.
25172	9	Moravecki without compassion for Tusk
25172	11	"Before this information was cleared, the news of the alleged mercury in the Polish river was caught by the press, and the Polish authorities were scattered. For the lack of rapid action on water pollution, the government pointed out, among others. by Donald Tusk. ""There are not only fish in Odra drowned, the whole state is drowned under Kaczynski's rule"" and ""Pis is like a mercury,"" he wrote on Twitter."
25172	13	For the words of the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister has been dismissed. The Friday Conference in Smolayna (Woj. Matthew Morawiecki reminded in a boring and unclear way that “some insinuated some contamination of Odra with chemicals, contamination of Odra with mercury.”
25172	15	So I wanted to say that Odra is as contaminated with chemicals, as contaminated with mercury as Donald Tusk is contaminated with truthfulness, i.e. at all.
25172	17	The latest research has allowed the Prime Minister to issue such a strong judgment on the river. On the same day, the climate minister Anna Moscow said that water controls did not show any illegal activity in the river. The government is now guilty of the disaster in unidentified algae and high water supply, which could be contributed to the waste of water from the mines.
25174	1	Russians without permission for work and residence. “It is about the security of the country.”
25174	3	Remember: we informed about the rejection to the citizens of Russia at the beginning of August. Now we know more details.
25174	5	According to the information provided by the Navy of Gdańsk, since February 24 (i.e. from the day the Russian armies illegally attacked Ukraine) 78 negative decisions have been made for Russian citizens who were seeking temporary residence or work.
25174	7	A total of 548 such applications were submitted from February to June 30. However, it is not known what their status is currently.
25174	9	It is not excluded that they are still being analyzed by officials. However, the scale of refusal may be even greater. This is the legal basis that was founded in the negative decisions already made.
25174	11	As we were able to find out, art was shown. 100 mouths. 1 paragraph 4 of the Law of 12 December 2013 on Foreigners. In accordance with this provision:
25174	13	“The landlord is refused to be granted permission for temporary residence if it is required for the reasons of defence or security of the state or the protection of security and public order or the obligation arising from the provisions of ratified international agreements applicable to the Polish Republic.”
25174	15	Hundreds of Russians Working in the Sea
25174	17	In this place it is worth noting that the citizens of Russia are one of the largest groups of foreigners employed in the Navy.
25174	19	According to the latest ZUS data, among the social insurance applicants in the branches in Gdańsk and Słupsk, foreigners are dominated by Ukrainians. By the end of March there were more than 42.5 thousand. This is an increase of more than 2.5 thousand. compared to December 2021.
25174	21	The second group is about 5,000. Citizens of Belarus (a growth of 500 people).
25174	23	The first five were closed by passengers: Georgia (1524), Russia (1203) and Moldova (1072).
25174	25	Europe is increasingly closed to Russia
25174	27	However, we have informally heard that the decision to refuse Russian workers to work and stay is related to the recommendations of the Internal Security Agency.
25174	29	However, the actions of the Polish services should not be surprised, especially in the context of much more prudent and official statements of the border countries with Russia.
25174	31	The U.S. agency Associated Press in recent days the proposals of the leaders of Estonia and Finland. The authorities of these countries demand the cessation of the issuance of tourist visas to Russians.
25174	33	The citizens of this country should not have the opportunity to spend their holidays in Europe, while the Russian government is fighting the war in Ukraine.
25174	35	The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for According to the report, 3668 civilians were killed in Ukraine from February 24 to May 15. 3,896 people were injured. There are also evidence of war crimes committed by Russian soldiers.
25174	37	In turn, the Russian news agency TASS that according to a survey conducted on May 10-15 on the test 1,600. Russian citizens trust Vladimir Putin is 81 percent. However, it should be noted that the credibility of the pro-Kremlin survey and agency is relatively small.
25175	1	The Owsiak responds to Dudze's words about the border. “The wheels fall from your mouth.”
25175	3	Jurek Owsiak in his social media decided to refer to the words of Andrei Dudy, which the president spoke during a speech on the occasion of the Holy Day of the Polish Army. “God’s words that such behavior is stupidity and betrayal, are the next breeds that fall from the mouths of the Lord,” the head of the WHO said.
25175	5	Andrzej Duda during his speech on the occasion of the Holy Day of the Polish Army. on the Polish-Belarusian border. 
25175	7	"First of all, the president thanked the soldiers who defend the border against migrants. ""Thanks to the position of the Polish soldiers and officials, thanks to your position, we showed this determination to the whole world, defending the Polish border, defending the borders of the European Union, defending the borders of the Schengen zone,"" Duda said. “Through different types of attacks, different dwarfs and traitors, different people irresponsible, the Polish soldier stood at the height of the task, he resisted,” he added."
25175	9	Help for Migrants
25175	11	Andrzej Dudy’s words were obviously harassed by Jurka Owsiaka, who decided to refer to them on his Facebook profile. “Mr President. You once again gave a signal from the planet on which you live – but it’s far from Poland and the Poles, who have their simple clear and citizen code of conduct!” He started. 
25175	13	"Owsiak recalled that for more than three years his foundation has been teaching ""small children and young people the principles of giving first aid - three million people have completed our courses by the exam they submitted."" “The basic principle of our courses is the principle of a good Samaritan who teaches us to provide assistance to the person in need, and the same principle may bring legal consequences to us who do not provide such assistance,” he continued. "
25175	15	He mentioned that volunteers opened a humanitarian point in Mikhailov near the Polish-Belarusian border. “We’ve seen how many people of good will help people exhausted and exhausted. Not everyone has survived these terrible days for them, and by today the people on this piece of earth suffer,” Owsiak wrote. 
25175	17	Eggs to Dudy: the next breeds that fall from your mouth
25175	19	The head of the WHO later did not hide that Dudy's words annoyed him. He accused the president of saying that his words were “bad.”
25175	21	Jurek Owsiak also said that the help he and his foundation will not end. “Nadal, when it is necessary, we will help, and we do it according to the principle of the good Samaritan, and the thoughts and actions of the Lord, which I often shame, will never stop me and my friends, our friends, from fair and humanitarian actions above all religions and colors.” 
25175	23	“With tremendous optimism in my heart I read a lot of comments on your words, which, like me, disagree with them and show us, Poles, as people who will always in extreme situations be bringing help to their neighbors!” The Owsiak ended. 
25177	1	Elections in Italy: Leader of the extreme right Georgia Meloni on the wave of support
25177	3	Italian politician Georgia Meloni flows on the wave of support, thanks to which she can become the first female prime minister in the country and the first extreme right-wing leader since World War II.
25177	5	Although her Italian Brothers party has neo-fascist roots and promotes the message of Christianity, patriotism, maternity and traditional family values, Meloni tries to dissolve the fears related to her inheritance, saying that voters are tired of such discussions.
25177	7	However, there are still signs that such a shell cannot be so easily destroyed: in the symbol of its party is a picture of a three-colored flame, borrowed from the neo-Fascist party formed shortly after the end of the war.
25177	9	If the Italian Brothers win the elections on 25 September, and the 45-year-old Meloni becomes the prime minister, it will take almost 100 years after the Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini came to power in October 1922.
25177	11	Meloni proudly presented Caio Giulio Cesare Mussolini, the lawyer of the dictatorship, as one of his candidates for the European Parliament in 2019, although he eventually lost.
25177	13	For most Italian voters, questions about anti-fascism and neo-fascism are not “the key engine to vote,” said Lorenzo Pregliasco, head of the survey company YouTrend. “They don’t see it as a part of the present. They see it as a part of the past.”
25177	15	Read more about: defeat victory of extreme right in French elections
25177	17	Nevertheless, Meloni is sensitive to international analyses about her possible premiere and wants to define conservative rather than extreme right to describe her party.
25177	19	"She recently recorded video news in English, French and Spanish, in which it was stated that the Italian right ""for decades has transmitted fascism to history, clearly condemning the oppression of democracy and the shameful anti-Jewish laws."""
25177	21	It was a reference to the laws of 1938 that prohibited a small Italian Jewish community from engaging in business, education and other aspects of everyday life. The regulations shut the way to deport many Italian Jews to Nazi disappearance camps during the German occupation of Rome at the end of World War II.
25177	23	However, keeping a three-colored flame in the logo of his party, he “symbolically enjoys this heritage,” said David Art, a professor of political science at Tufts University, who explores the extreme right of Europe. “But then he wants to say ‘we’. You are not a racist.”
25177	25	Who is Giorgia Meloni?
25177	27	She apologized for the “ton,” but not for the content of the scary speech she spoke in June in Spain to gain support for the extreme right-wing Vox party.
25177	29	“They will say that we are dangerous, extremists, racists, fascists, deniers and homofobists,” Meloni said, obviously referring to the deniers of the Holocaust. She ended a crescendo of screaming passwords: “Yes for natural families! Not for the LGBT lobby. for sexual identity. Not for gender ideology!”
25177	31	Meloni arrested “the bureaucrates in Brussels” and “climate fundamentalism.” Meloni, who has a young daughter, said that “the most censored” return is “woman and maternity.”
25177	33	Abortion has not appeared as a topic of a campaign in Italy, where it is legal. But Meloni condemned the declining birth rate in Italy, which would be even lower if not immigrants were giving birth to children.
25177	35	At the eve of the right-wing supporters in Rome in 2019 Meloni raised a ring of approval, screaming in a staccato rate: “I’m Giorgia! I am a woman. I am a mother. I am a Christian and I am a Christian. You can’t take it from me!”
25177	37	In a few days, her proclamation became a food for the texts of the rap song. While some perceived it as a parody, Meloni loved it, and even sang a few tactus in the state radio show.
25177	39	According to her memories “I am Giorgia” of 2021, a significant part of her identity was shaped by growing up in the working district of Garbatella in Rome.
25177	41	At the age of 15, she joined the youth division of the Italian Social Movement, a neo-Fascist party with the symbol of the flame and covered with political posters in the capital.
25177	43	When she was 31 years old, Berlusconi appointed her as the Minister of Foreign Affairs. The youth in his third and last government. She was the co-founder of Brothers of Italy in 2012.
25177	45	Both Salvini and Meloni claim to protect what they call the Christian identity of Europe. Salvini kisses whispering roses and wears a big cross on her often shed breasts, while Meloni's small cross sometimes stands out above her loose blues.
25177	47	Her party strongly supported Draghi's move to send weapons to Ukraine, although Salvini and Berlusconi, the open fans of Russian President Vladimir Putin, gave only a cool support. Meloni also defends the NATO alliance established by the United States, a country belonging to the Seven Group. However, it often sees the EU rules as a violation of Italy’s sovereignty.
25177	49	If Meloni’s extreme right-wing forces dominate the next Italian government, there is fear of the support that Italy will give to the right-wing governments in Hungary and Poland “for their deeply conservative programs” among the fears of a “democratic deviation” in the EU, Art said. .
25177	51	Meloni said he would “do not stand against any anti-democratic threat.”
25177	53	What is the creation of the Italian Brothers Party?
25177	55	Even five years ago, the Brothers of Italy – a name inspired by the original words of the national hymn – were seen as a marginal force, gaining 4.4% of the votes. Currently, surveys indicate that in September it could take the first place and gain up to 24% support, just before the Central-Levic Democratic Party led by former Prime Minister Enrico Letta.
25177	57	In a complex, partially proportional electoral system in Italy, electoral coalitions are what makes the party leaders get to the prime minister, and not just the votes. Right-wing politicians have done much better work this year than Democrats, building widespread electoral partnerships.
25177	59	Meloni allied with the right-wing League party led by Matteo Salvini, who, like her, promotes the dealing with illegal migration. Its second electoral ally is the center-right Forza Italia party of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
25177	61	Last year, her party was the only one to refuse to join the Italian national coalition of pandemic unity led by Prime Minister Mario Draghi, the former head of the European Central Bank. Draghi’s government collapsed last month, suddenly abandoned by Salvin, Berlusconi and the 5-star leader Giuseppe Conte, who are busy with the falling fortunes of their party in polls and local elections.
25177	63	Meloni’s opinion studies “prove a consistent and coherent approach to politics. It hasn’t come to a compromise,” said Lorenzo Pregliasco from YouTrend, adding that he’s also seen as “a leader who has clear ideas – of course not everyone agrees with them.”
25178	1	As a shameful billionaire intends to “happy everyone.” Silvio Berlusconi Returns to Political Halls
25178	3	The 85-year-old former Italian Prime Minister has a chance to become the main player in the upcoming elections. This could lead to another five years of political influence. The career of Silvio Berlusconi, a billionaire, a real estate market potent, a media magnate and a three-time Italian prime minister, has been on decades, but recently his popularity has been significantly weakened.
25178	5	Berlusconi is sick. Nevertheless, he does not let him forget. At party parties it appears rather through a video link. In addition, after being sentenced for tax fraud, he was sentenced to a four-year ban on public functions in Italy.
25178	7	But now, when he is 85 years old, and most people in his age rather already rely on the sofa, the former Italian prime minister decided to run in the elections. “This is how everyone will be happy,” he told the radio with his unmistakable certainty.
25178	9	If no miracle happens, the election of September 25 will bring the triumph of the right-wing coalition, in which Berlusconi will be the leading player, which will provide him with influence for the next five years.
25178	11	"The return is the result of his feeling of ""obligation,"" said POLITICO in written answers to our questions. Italy needs values that only its party represents to improve the economy, he said. “My parents taught me that when I feel a strong sense of duty, I have to find the courage to do it.”"
25178	13	The Rise
25178	15	Although he has dominated Italian politics and the media for more than two decades, even recently it seemed that Berlusconi’s political career was already behind him.
25178	17	His image is so called. Affer bunga bunga, in which witnesses described the orgie in his displayed villa under Milan. In 2011, the growing national debt crisis and the fears that Italy may not fulfill its obligations forced him to transfer power to the technocrat Mario Monti. He had to face numerous accusations until he was eventually removed from the senate after sentenced for tax fraud in 2013.
25178	19	However, the unexpected outbreak of nationalist populism in the last decade has given Berlusconi a chance to turn himself into the role of a responsible, pro-union, moderate politician. He was elected to the European Parliament in 2019, but he rarely participates in voting.
25178	21	Last year, his rehabilitation seemed complete when he joined a large coalition led by the former President of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, the edge of European institutions.
25178	23	"Last month, apparently feeling a change in political winds, he joined other coalition partners, withdrawing support for the government of Draghi, which forced the conduct of accelerated elections that the right has a chance to win. Three ministers of his government resigned from membership in the Forza Italia party, claiming that it is ""unresponsible"" and presents party interests over the good of the country."
25178	25	"Berlusconi refuses any responsibility for the fall of the government, claiming that ""we would like the government of Draghi to last until the natural end of its mandate with the elections in 2023. There was no other solution than asking the citizens.”"
25178	27	A weak partner, but not so weak
25178	29	The support for Berlusconi, a minor partner in the right-wing alliance with the hard-right Italian Brothers Giorgio Meloni and the anti-immigration League of Matteo Salvini, is much lower than in the glory times in 2008, when his party gained 37 percent. in elections. Currently, its records are around 8%. However, the total right-wing parties are expected to get about 45 percent. The vote is sufficient to get a majority in the parliament.
25178	31	However, the right must convince not only Italian voters, but also international investors, rating agencies, European governments and institutions who fear that the most right-wing government in the postwar history of Italy could be a threat to the democracy and allies of Italy in the Union and NATO.
25178	33	If international institutions are not convinced that strongly debt Italy will be in safe hands, the loans costs will rapidly rise, and the field of government maneuver will be seriously limited.
25178	35	Return to Putin
25178	37	One of the reasons for these concerns was the warm relations of some members of the alliance with extreme-right parties in other countries, such as the Spanish Vox, as well as with autocrats, such as Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán or Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
25178	39	The League signed a cooperation agreement with the Putin party in 2017 and Salvini tried to carry out a peace mission in Moscow at the beginning of this year, but it was revealed that it was paid by the Russian embassy. Berlusconi himself Putin's long friendship and even spent his holidays in his daches, and now he was forced to deny the media reports that he contacted the Russian ambassador in Rome and sympathized with the position of Russia.
25178	41	"So far, his criticism of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has been stunned. But in a statement to POLITICO Berlusconi clearly condemned his former friend: ""Today Russia, attacking Ukraine, violated international law and brought a painful war into the heart of Europe."""
25178	43	"Speaking of the times when he was Prime Minister, Berlusconi says he was only working on improving relations between Russia and the West. The 2002 NATO-Russia Agreement in Rome ""may have been the beginning of an era in which Russia has become a partner and a trusted interlocutor."" He said he was “deep disappointed” by Putin."
25178	45	"Berlusconi denied that any party in the right-wing alliance has an extremist character, claiming that the coalition is a central-right and added that ""this has nothing to do with extremist movements in other countries."""
25178	47	“We are pro-European, pro-Western, pronounced, with liberal democracy as our only reference point,” Berlusconi wrote, adding that “he would not participate in any government” if he was not absolutely sure of its “democratic correctness, the sense of responsibility and loyalty to Europe and the West.”
25178	49	According to Berlusconi, the loyalty of the central-left is doubtful because the coalition is part of the extreme-left party that voted against Sweden and Finland’s membership in the NATO.
25178	51	The Second Life of Berlusconi
25178	53	Despite the lowest popularity today, Berlusconi is still able to cause confusion. Last week, during the discussion of the proposed reform of the presidential system, he suggested that President Sergio Mattarella, if this reform passes, will have to resign.
25178	55	This statement was taken as an attack on Mattarella, the guarantor of Italian democratic balance and the most popular policy in the country. The opponents of Berlusconi accused the right man of a record aimed at dismantling the Italian democratic system and said that Berlusconi wanted that role for himself. Berlusconi refused to be president.
25178	57	Berlusconi could aspire to the second highest position in Italy – the chairman of the Senate, but it would be a very controversial choice, and his allies have not so far supported him.
25178	59	Secret people say the election campaign has revived him. His campaign, based on videos posted on Facebook, uses nostalgia for the 1990s and proven promises of tax cuts and retirement increases.
25178	61	Even without a formal position, as long as he gathers the votes expected, Berlusconi will have significant influences in the next government.
25178	63	If you get 7 to 8 percent. Votes, as we expect, can mean a difference between a clear right-wing victory and an unresolved result,” said Daniele Albertazzi, a professor of politics at the University of Surrey. It would be crucial for the coalition. And you can think that will make it feel to your allies.
25178	65	Ideologically, there is a broad agreement between the right-wing alliance on the electoral program of tax cuts and immigration restrictions, and the extreme right-wing parties look unlikely to deal with their more extremist supporters.
25178	67	However, Berlusconi can, if he wishes, designate a lot of red lines. The position of Forza Italia in the center means that it is the only party that can theoretically move to support a leftist or technocratic government, without paying a high price to the voters.
25178	69	He is necessary. There can be a lot of games in the center,” Albertazi said. It may remain important for the next five years.
25179	1	“Teflon Marek” is the longest prime minister in the history of the Netherlands. Who is Mark Rutte?
25179	3	He had to stop in front of the extreme right under the figure of the dangerous Geert Wilders. And he did that. Unfortunately, he took part in the anti-immigrant rhetoric of the opponent. During his term, all attempts to reform the EU were blocked by the Netherlands.
25179	5	The financial crisis, the refugee crisis, the pandemic crisis and finally the crisis caused by the war in Ukraine – with many challenges the Netherlands have faced over the past 12 years, but every time with the same person at the forefront. Rutte's political longevity is something unique in Western Europe, but dark clouds are gathering over the head of the government in Hague and it is unknown if this time he will be able to disperse them.
25179	7	It is the year 2010. Barack Obama has only recently been the president, France is governed by Nicholas Sarkozy, Italy is the prime minister of Silvio Berlusconi, and Poland is the first term of Donald Tusk's government. In the Netherlands – then called the Netherlands – the elections were won by the conservative-liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), and the head of the government was its chairman Mark Rutte.
25179	9	At the beginning of August, exactly 4,310 days have passed since Rutte's conviction, making him a record in the length of his office as Prime Minister. He belonged to the Chadeque of Ruuda Lubbers, who ruled the country between 1982 and 1994. Rutte as Prime Minister survived three national elections, more than a hundred parliamentary attempts to withdraw him from office and several political crises. All this led the Dutch to give him the “teflon Mark” assumption – no dirty to him does. Among the leaders of the European Union, only Viktor Orban accompanied him at the beginning of his first term. Hungary with authoritarian tendons is nonewhere, and what about Rutt?
25179	11	Hot water and bicycle in the garage
25179	13	The head of the Dutch government does not borrow 12 years in the position of his charisma or the kidnapping of the Dutch ambitious visions. As he once said, parafrating Helmut Schmidt, if someone is looking for a vision, then he should go to the eye scientist, not to him. The VVD guide suggests peace, stability and warm water in the crane instead. And to the voters, this discouragement seems to speak. A lot has changed in the Dutch politics over the past few years, but not the person of the prime minister. It may not be taken away, but it seems to manage the state well.
25179	15	With the image of a modest manager, Rutte is famous for getting to work on a bicycle, has a old car and a small house. He also carefully adheres to the law: in the times when many politicians are overwhelmed by scandals related to the breakdown of covid blocks, Rutte did not visit the hospital of the dying mother because it would be incompatible with the current restrictions. Through its way very controversial and triggering sharp protests, so the hypocrisy of the rulers will not slam them. The Teflon Marek remained clean.
25179	17	However, it cannot be forgotten that the Dutch Prime Minister is also an extremely skillful politician, capable of lavirating between different political options and making difficult compromises. These skills are necessary in a country where the actual electoral threshold is 0.67%. There are usually ten or more parties in the parliament, and almost every government requires a coalition of at least a few of them. During Rutte's mandate, the VVD only once had more than 40 members in the 150 seats of the House of Representatives (Tweede Camera). In order to remain in power, the prime minister entered the most diverse coalitions, through which he was sometimes passed by a cameleon.
25179	19	Rutte’s Partners – From National Populists to Social Democrats
25179	21	The VVD leader has long been treated as a prisoner in front of the extreme right, so he rarely remembers that it with her help for the first time became a prime minister. In 2010, the Freedom Party of Geert Wilders granted support to Ruth and his Chadean coalitionists, which lasted until 2012, when pre-term elections came as a result of the lack of parliamentary majority for the policy of budget cuts. The next partner of VVD was the Social Democratic Labour Party (PvdA), so the government took a more central direction.
25179	23	In the next elections in 2017 Rutte has already appeared as a guarantor of stability and a pro-European liberal, whose goal is to stop the dangerous Wilders. And indeed he did that, but he himself accepted an anti-immigrant rhetoric, along with many demands of the extreme right. Let’s add that Rutte’s “pro-Europeanity” leads to the defence of his neoliberal and technocratic form, and during his term, all attempts to reform the Union were undermined by the Netherlands, which has recently become evident when the EU planned a rescue fund after a pandemic. Rutte was from the beginning one of the biggest supporters of the betting and also opposed too ambitious plans in EU budgets discussions.
25179	25	After the elections in 2017 and 2021, central-right government coalitions were formed consisting of the same parties: VVD, Social Liberal Democrats 66 and two Chadic groups (CDA and CU). In both cases, achieving an agreement was not easy, but Rutte proved its flexibility and the ability to build inter-party compromise. And despite the appearance of various candidates for the prime minister, no one was able to set up an alternative coalition.
25179	27	Fatigue, angry farmers, political rival – what will defeat Rutte?
25179	29	After twelve years in the position, it’s hard to keep the initial enthusiasm, and critics are increasingly pointing out to Rutte’s visible fatigue. He himself learns it, but if the rivals once compared him to the rabbit Duracella because of its energy and workforce, then now even the VVD activists informally mention the shooting of the prime minister and the need to find a successor. The circumstances do not save Rutte, because he recently had to deal with large protests against covid sharpnesses, and now, in turn, cities and roads are blocked by the tractors of angry farmers.
25179	31	Despite its small territory, the Netherlands is the largest meat exporter on the continent. However, the preservation of millions of livestock and other animals causes enormous environmental costs and due to pollution the government has announced a plan to reduce the living inventory by 50 percent. by 2030. This naturally irritated farmers and started their protests. It’s not the only pain of the Dutch – Rutte provided really warm water to the crane, but he did little to solve the country’s structural problems. For international corporations, the Netherlands is a tax paradise, but citizens have experienced a decrease in social benefits over the past few years. The housing crisis is ongoing and in the face of the state’s inactivity the local authorities are trying to fight it. Finally, there is a climate disaster, especially dangerous for the country, whose majority is depressed.
25179	33	In favour of Rutte, weakness of the opposition speaks. What is true in the wave of protests the support is gained by the Farmers-Civil Movement (BBB), but this is probably a temporary phenomenon. For this reason the Labour Party cannot withdraw from the time it joined the VVD coalition. We are talking about the possible association of the PvdA with the Green Left, but although according to the polls such a leftist coalition could fight even for election victory, it is still lacking specifics. The Socialist Party, on its turn, the last of the major progressive parties, is immersed in internal disputes between less and more radical activists, thus the electorate slowly escapes from it. On the other side of the political scene, on the extreme right, there is a competition between several parties and even the strongest of them can not now threaten VVD.
25179	35	There is also a chadec CDA in the crisis, but if you are looking for someone who would end Rutte's domination in politics, then he may be the former politician of that party, Peter Omtzigt. It led to the fall of the government shortly before the last elections, revealing that the Dutch treasury, very gentle to the corporations, unfairly deprived tens of thousands of parents of child benefits – many of them were also subjected to giant penalties for alleged fraud. Rutte survived this scandal, but it was one of the greatest hits he received in his political career. On the other hand, Omtzigt has quickly become one of the most popular politicians in the Netherlands, so it is speculated that it is he in the next elections that can release the teflon Mark of the next term, unless Rutte himself decides to retire in advance.
25180	1	"Discovered the ""weak point"" of the major variants of coronavirus"
25180	3	The researchers have discovered an important gap in all major variants of SARS-CoV-2 virus, including the recently created Omikron subvariants. “Now, when we’ve been able to describe their structure in detail, a completely new treatment opportunity has opened to us,” the researchers say. In the publication they also explain why antibodies therapy for COVID-19 was not effective at key moments.
25180	5	The detected weakness could potentially use neutralizing antibodies, turning the path to therapies that would be effective against all the variants of coronavirus, researchers from the University of British Columbia emphasize.
25180	7	The team led by Dr. Srirama Subramaniama used the cryo-EM microscopy to reveal at the atomic level the structure of the sensitive place on the protein of the cortex of the virus. This fragment is called an epitope. At the same time, the scientists described the antibody VH Ab6, whose fragment is capable of joining the virus’s epithope and its total neutralization.
25180	10	The virus is adapting quickly.
25180	12	"""SARS-CoV-2 is a highly adaptative virus that in the process of evolution learned to avoid most existing antibodies therapy, as well as a large portion of the immunity provided by vaccines and natural infection,"" says Dr. Subramaniam. Our study reveals its weakness, which is largely unchanged in all variants and can be easily neutralized by an antibody fragment."
25180	14	“This is a good ground for the design of a variety of therapies and procedures that can potentially help many people in danger,” he emphasizes.
25180	16	Antibodies are molecules naturally produced by our body to fight infections, but they can also be produced in the laboratory and later administered to patients. Although several antibodies have already been developed for COVID-19, their effectiveness has always dropped strongly in the face of new, highly muted variants, such as Omikron.
25180	18	How do the antibodies work?
25180	20	- The antibodies attach to the virus in a very specific way; they fit to it as a key to the lock. When the virus mutates, the key doesn’t fit anymore, says Subramaniam. We are looking for universal keys. These antibodies neutralize the virus even after large mutations.
25180	22	Such a universal key identified in the described study was a fragment of the VH Ab6 antibodies. Experiments have confirmed its effectiveness against the variants Alfa, Beta, Gamma, Delta, Kappa, Epsilon and Omikron. The fragment neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 by connecting to the epithop on the gall protein and blocking the virus before it penetrates into human cells.
25180	24	- The epitop that we describe in this publication is not covered by the so-called hot points of mutation, therefore it isined in a very similar or unchanged form in different variants, says the author of the study. Now that we’ve been able to describe its structure in detail, a completely new possibility of treatment has opened to us.
25180	26	"According to Dr. Subramaniama, this kind of ""pete achilles"" virus can be used by pharmaceutical manufacturers not only to create effective remedies against current dominant variants, but also those that will appear in some time."
25180	28	We have a full picture of this sensitive place. We know every interaction in which coli protein can enter with the antibodies in this region. So we can develop a lot of different antibodies therapies – summarizes Subramaniam. 
25180	30	"""And having widely effective, working on various variants of drugs, would completely change the rules of the game in a continuing pandemic,"" he predicts."
25182	1	There is no climate threat
25182	3	This is what the World Climate Declaration says, the content of which was published 18.08. In 2022, it was signed by more than 1,100 scientists from all over the world, including several Nobel Prize winners.
25182	5	The comments that have appeared around the world on this topic range from enthusiasm to a skeptical assessment of the possibility of practical use of it.
25182	7	The first states that the existing political fiction that people are causing the majority or all of the climate change, and the claim that the science behind this concept is “stopped,” was brutally hit by the World Climate Declaration (WCD) publication signed by more than 1,100 scientists and professionals.
25182	9	There is no climate crisis, says authors from all over the world and the declarations have been developed under the guidance of Norwegian Nobel Prize laureate in physics, Professor Ivar Giaever. This declaration claims that climate science has turned into a discussion based on beliefs, not a healthy self-critical science.
25182	11	The commentators of this report cite its conclusions that we should get rid of the naive belief in unmatched climate models, and in the future climate research must put much greater emphasis on empirical science. The gap between the real world and the modeled world tells us that we are far from understanding climate change.
25182	13	The declaration further states that the Earth’s climate has changed since the existence of the planet, with natural periods of cold and heat. It is not surprising that we are in a warming period. It is said that climate models have many disadvantages and are not even a bit reliable as a tool for global policy.
25182	15	These models expose the action of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, but ignore any beneficial effects. The report states that CO2 is not a pollution. It is essential for all life on Earth. Photosynthesis is a blessing. More CO2 is beneficial to nature by greening the Earth; additional CO2 in the air contributes to the growth of the plant biomass in the world. It is also good for agriculture, increasing crops and providing more food.
25182	17	These are just the selected fragments of this declaration that burns the whole bubble of the climate warming theory. Sceptics notice that although this statement is an event of great importance, it will be ignored by the main media. But this is not the first time that prominent scientists call for greater realism in climate sciences. Of course, green extremists in the academic, political and journalistic environment will continue to argue for the desired implementation of the Net Zero policy.
25183	1	Will Putin take advantage of Dugin’s death? “Kreml can stimulate its society”
25183	3	After the death of Daria Dugina, the daughter of the Russian ideologist, experts are convinced that Russian propaganda will use the mysterious event to raise anti-Ukrainian moods and interests in war in Ukraine. On the other hand, the Kremlin will not be interested in the mythology of Alexander Dugin and his ultra-nationalist views. We are waiting for a further internal service game in the Kremlin. They will first use the attack to move on to the agenda later, experts say.
25183	5	Remember, on Saturday evening in a car explosion on the highway under Moscow died Daria Dugin, daughter of Alexander Dugin, one of the main ideologists of the Kremlin, a supporter of Russian imperialism and the invasion of Ukraine. Dugin had to ride the car, but at the last moment he moved to another vehicle. According to the Russian Security Service (FSB), the attack was organized and carried out by a Ukrainian citizen. However, it was quickly revealed that the evidence of her guilt was spread. The Ukrainian authorities have strictly dismissed the incident.
25183	8	"At the same time, in Russia – according to the independent portal Meduza – the interest in war is falling. The Russians are getting tired of the topics related to the ""special operation"" in Ukraine."
25183	10	As the portal reports, the results of the research carried out by the private holding company Romir also indicate this. “Their results show that the viewability of the most important federal channels has decreased by at least eight percent. Most of the antenna time on Russian television is now occupied by political talk shows, where hosts and participants talk about Ukraine and “the enemy countries of the West” – we read in the analysis.
25183	12	“Kreml will stimulate society”
25183	14	Will the Russian propaganda then use the attack on the daughter of a Russian ideologist to re-interest war? Will it build the Dugin myth on the basis of a mysterious event? According to experts, with whom Virtual Poland talked, due to the internal struggles for power in the Kremlin, the topic of the attack will be short-term.
25183	16	It seems that the Russian society is actually getting tired of information about the war in Ukraine. The Russians are ceasing to respond to the events on the front, in the same degree as at the beginning of the conflict, says Michael Marek, an expert on the virtual Poland. Dezinformation in Russia, the chairman of the Foundation Center for Research on Modern Security Environment.
25183	18	"As he emphasizes, this is why “any event that can stimulate emotions in connection with the war is beneficial from the perspective of the Kremlin.” The murder of Daria Dugina is likely to play this role now. But in the long run, even this ""mithic"", the issue of the attack will not be translated into the mood of the Russians. They will go to everyday affairs, and the topic will be forgotten, adds."
25183	20	And as he emphasizes, the Russian propaganda centers are using the attack for one purpose. Heating anti-Ukrainian and anti-Western emotions. The main narrative is the blame of Ukraine, but there is also a blame of responsibility of the Western services. As a mantra, the slogan is repeated that it is a war between Russia and NATO. The Kremlin is building continuous support for further actions in Ukraine, says Michael Marek.
25183	22	Professor Daniel Boćkowski from the Department of Security of the International University in Belarus. “The Kremlin after the attack can encourage society to re-interest war. The Russians are unhappy in this, but they are also painfully predictive. Dugin is indeed a pro-Kremlowski ideologist, but that’s more his daughter was in Russia on top. She appeared very frequently in propaganda materials, calling for hatred against the West and Ukraine. It was identified with the system. The Kremlin may want to take advantage of this, says Prof. Daniel Boćkowski.
25183	24	"""Dugin is not a guru in Russia"""
25183	26	"According to him, the attack on Dugina ""not resonates to a great extent"" in Russia itself. “Maybe only among the ultra-nationalists calling for revenge in Ukraine. The Kremlin will not mythologize the daughter of Dugin, because the myth would become Dugin himself. It was a reflection of his ideology. Ultranacionalism is good in Russia for extremely pro-war politicians and businessmen who make money on the conflict. But it doesn’t have to be in the interests of the oligarchs who lost their wealth, their yachts and the possibility of traveling around the world, says Prof. Daniel Boćkowski."
25183	28	"As wrote in a comment for the weekly ""The Spectator"" Professor Mark Galeotti, the author of books about Russia, although many people in the West consider Dugin as ""Putin's brain"" or ""Putin's Rasputin"", however, he is not, and has never been, especially influential and has no personal ties with the Russian president."
25183	30	According to the scientist, Dugin is one of a whole series of “political entrepreneurs” who try to present to the Kremlin their plans and doctrines.
25183	32	"""For a moment, in 2014, he was on a wave because his claims about the civilizational purpose of Russia and the status of the Eurasian nation were convenient in the rationalization of the landslide in Donbass. But later, Dugin has ceased to be useful,” says Mark Galeotti."
25183	34	Ideology for the Kremlin
25183	36	According to Prof. Daniel Boćkowski, Dugin was functioning in the Russian political system thanks to the fact that it was paid by the Kremlin. The system paid Dugin, the authorities used it as a tool. His concepts, the vision of the world, the views – were once less needed, another time more. Moreover, it flows on the mouth. As less, it circulated in the environment of its ultra-nationalists and no one disturbed him. And his daughter glowed with a bright light, without having a special idea what to do, signing his philosophical analyses with the pseudonym Daria Płatonowa, says WP Prof. Daniel Boćkowski.
25183	38	According to our speaker, behind the attack continued internal games in Russia. No Russian national army or Ukrainian service. But Putin has not decided about it either. We must stop idealizing the Russian dictator. For the last 10 years we have in Russia a propaganda project that Putin is all-powerful. And it is not. He does not decide everything. Putin is not a god. Even if he wants, he is not even Stalin. It is part of the system. We don’t know if it was he who made it for himself or others who made it for himself. Let us remember that war is business. In the conflict, some groups in Russia do interests, and others lose. Here I would more seek to unleash the mystery of the assassination, says Prof. Daniel Boćkowski.
25183	40	In turn, Michael Marek from the Foundation of the Center for Research on Modern Security Environment predicts that similar attacks – such as those on Dugina – may continue.
25183	42	But not immediately. The current event will be shut down, and later we can be witnessing more, similar explosions. For the attack on Dugina, the services were as well able to stand as well as the Kremlin factions. In the case of the murder of the daughter of the Russian ideologist, the case is very unclear. However, it is worth paying attention to one confusion. It was that the body was found burned in the car. The photographs and recordings show that the body of Dugina was, however, outside the car, thrown on the ride. So we can assume that there was someone else in the car, which the Russian side does not report. So the question is: was this Dugina the real target of the attackers? — asks Michael Marek.
25184	1	Ziemkiewicz: The government is doing bamboo again
25184	3	“Mrs. Von der Leyen sets institutional rules in Poland,” says Rafał Ziemkiewicz, publisher “To Things”.
25184	5	"In a recent interview with the ""Journal of Law"" Ursula von der Leyen assessed that the Upper Court Act amendment, which came into force in mid-July, does not guarantee judges the possibility of questioning the status of other judges without the risk that they will be attracted to disciplinary responsibility."
25184	7	This issue must be resolved in order to meet the conditions for the allocation of funds from the National Restoration Plan (i.e. Stones of Miles (Red) and allowing the Commission to initiate the first payment, she emphasized. And she added that Poland must also fully comply with the ruling of the Court of Justice, which has not yet occurred.
25184	9	“In particular, suspended judges have not been returned to judgment and the daily financial punishment remains in force,” the Chairman said. Her speech is widely commented in the media and the topic of loan to the Polish KPO without interruption is one of the dominant topics that politicians and media talk about.
25184	11	Ziemkiewicz: The government makes it in bamboo
25184	13	“Mrs. Von der Leyen establishes institutional rules in Poland,” said Rafał Ziemkiewicz at Television Republic. A publicist asked about the request of the European Commission to divide the functions of the Prosecutor General and the Minister of Justice in Poland said that the solution itself can be discussed, but it is not Brussels should decide on the form of the Polish justice dimension.
25184	15	The issue of organizing justice in a country is not a matter that the European Commission has the right to decide. European treaties are already a pure maculature, that’s a long time behind us, no one takes care of them,” he said. It is the fifth time that the government is doing bamboo. This is repeated every time. How many times this can be done, the publicist added.
25184	17	Ziemkiewicz said that the European Commission is concerned not merely with the exchange of governments in Poland, but with the paralysis of the whole country. The judge has the right to undertake the judgment of another judge.
25184	19	It is like a liberum veto. This demand for further changes in the jurisdiction is simply the paralysis of the state. Any fool can underweight the judgment and underweight the judge because he does not like it. The judge “Lugańsk”, which we have, can recognize a judge as a... non-judge. If Poland is paralyzed, it is a judge state in the state. Under the protection of the Union, Germany. I repeat, the lawyer Lugansk is doing so – said the publicist “To Things”.
25185	1	Texas knows what to do with illegal immigrants. He sent them to New York and Washington.
25185	3	On Sunday, a second bus with immigrants passed the southern border to New York. The Republican Governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, claimed that he was testing the involvement of the city, which itself called the “sancture” for these residents.
25185	5	Due to the crisis caused by the ideological governments of the Biden-Harris administration, the southern border of the United States is crossed by countless intrusions, including associated with Mexican drug cartels, criminals, dealers and persons responsible for numerous crimes in the territory of the United States.
25185	7	While the left-wing authorities in Washington consistently refuse to resolve this crisis and finish the border wall, most of which was built by Donald Trump, the conservative governor of Texas decided to try pro-immigrant ruling statements from the Democratic Party.
25185	9	The second bus with immigrants arrived in New York on Sunday, where they were welcomed in Manhattan by mayor Eric Adams. The politician attacked the Catholic Governor Greg Abbott, claiming that he “users” immigrants for political games.
25185	11	The New York Post remarked that Abbott has sent more than 6100 migrants to Washington since April “in response to the policy of open borders of the U.S. Democratic administration, Joe Biden, which oppresses the Texas community.”
25185	13	The local radio 1010 WINS noted that New York taxi drivers transported newly arrived refugees for free to special shelters.
25187	1	President Andrzej Duda signs carbon supplement bill
25187	3	President Andrzej Duda has signed a carbon supplement bill, which imposes a payment of 3,000 dollars. All household farms are heated with carbon, the PAP on Thursday evening at the President's Office.
25187	5	In accordance with the law to receive a coal supplement of 3,000. You will have to submit a request for payment to the municipality by 30 November. The company will have a maximum of 30 days to pay for it. It will also be exempt from the tax and the possibility of employment. The condition for receiving a coal supplement will be the entry or reporting the heating source to the Central Building Emission Registry.
25187	7	In addition, the law provides that the BGK will be able to draw loans and issue bonds on the domestic and foreign markets, from which the funds will be used to create a credit line for energy enterprises. This is intended to ensure the continuity of the heat supply to the recipients for housing or public utility purposes, in particular for the purchase and billing of carbon. The maximum amount of the loan is 20 million.
25187	9	The new legislation provides that the maximum limit of coal supplements expenditure will be 11.5 billion PLN, and the funding source will be the COVID-19. The law provides that the NBP will transfer to that Fund a portion of its profits as long as it is greater than it is established in the budget law. According to the IMF, the NBP will be about 9.5 billion zlotys. In addition, the law provided 2 billion zlotys for guarantees for the credit line that BGK is planning to create for heating companies.
25188	1	The majority of Poles don’t want to return the corona viruses, but the PiS voters want to
25188	3	"54.1 per cent The Poles do not want the return of coronavirus aggravations, according to the United Surveys survey prepared for RMF FM and ""Journal of the Legal Gazette"". The idea is supported by 39.5 percent. people."
25188	5	More than 30 percent. He says “no” to the accidents.
25188	7	"According to the survey, 33.5 percent. The survey ""definitely no"" supports the return to covid restrictions; the answer ""more yes"" chose 27.6 percent. The respondents said “no” – 20.6 percent. The respondents responded “definitely yes” by 11.9%. investigated. The answer ""I don't know / hard to say"" was 6.4 percent. The respondents."
25188	9	Return to obesity is not intended primarily by young people aged 18-29. 95 percent responded to this. The number of participants in the survey (72%). Unfortunately not, 23 percent. Or rather not).
25188	11	Old people want, young people don’t.
25188	13	This trend changes with the age of respondents. 67 per cent. People aged 60 to 69 want the government to restore coronavirus restrictions (17 percent). Definitely yes, 50 percent. Or rather so).
25188	15	The percentage of respondents claiming back-to-back restrictions due to the epidemic in people aged 70+ is lower and is 58%. 15 per cent. Definitely yes, 43 percent. Or rather so).
25188	17	Electoral voters are supporting strengthening
25188	19	The voters of Law and Justice are the largest group that supports the return to the constraints. 66% agree with this idea. surveyed (13 per cent) Definitely yes, 53 percent. Or rather so). The opposite views are mainly made by those who vote for the Confederation. No one of them supported the restoration of exacerbations due to the increasing number of coronavirus infections in Poland.
25188	21	The United Surveys survey was conducted on July 29-31 at a representative 1000 Poles test using the CAWI method.
25189	1	Is there another wave of shrinking?
25189	3	At the end of July, the Minister of Health Adam Niedzielski stated that the summit of the summer wave of the Covid-19 epidemic is expected in the “rounds of mid-August.” In this context, more and more reports appear in the media about the restoration of sanitary stricts, which were eliminated just a few months ago.
25189	5	These forecasts raise a lot of concern and anxiety in society. In 2021, Poland took the first place in the number of excessive deaths in Europe. Our lawyers know perfectly what drama the Polish families were facing at the time. Until today, we represent the family of the man who died of a heart attack before the prosecution authorities, because health workers have mistakenly interpreted the symptoms of the infarction as the symptoms of Covid-19 and have not given him the necessary assistance in time, showing the patient and his family a lot of negligence and indifference. 
25189	7	We also defend a physiotherapist who was released from the hospital only because he did not want to vaccinate against Covid-19 and a physician who will be responsible before a disciplinary medical court for the signing of an open letter by a physician calling for a fair scientific debate on the pandemic strategy.
25189	9	A series of actions taken and planned by Ordo Iuris aims to make the reactions to this and other disease rational and to be based on reliable scientific debate rather than emotions, censorship of public debate and uncritical follow-up of the recommendations of international agencies such as the WHO and the EU institutions.
25189	11	With a team of experts since the autumn of last year we have worked on the wider scientific monography in Poland on the legal, medical and economic effects of sanitary aggravations of the pandemic period. The conclusion of the work and the publication of the book is perfectly matched in the moment when epidemic regulations are considered again.
25189	13	It is time to replace the emotions with a reliable and scientific approach that will allow to take an effective and rational response to the next wave of coronavirus infections, combining the care of the health of the Poles with respect for their rights and freedoms and the economic consciousness of the consequences of the decisions taken.
25189	15	Soon there will also be a post-conference publication of the Symposium “About the Pandemic” organized at the Academy of Social and Media Culture in Toronto. The document contains an article in which we have clearly demonstrated that the fight against Covid-19 transmission cannot lead to deterioration of medical care over patients suffering from other diseases.
25189	17	We are also developing a draft law that guarantees the constitutional rights of believers, preventing the rulers from re-closing churches as part of pandemic restrictions. The project will ensure the strengthening of rights and freedoms, confirming clear criteria for the assessment of pandemic aggravations.
25189	19	Since the first days of the pandemic, Ordo Iuris’ lawyers with reason and delicacy have helped all those affected by the complicated problems of the pandemic period. Advice, legal interventions, further advisors for the parish, chapelers, entrepreneurs, doctors. Always with the emphasis on the necessary rationality of the actions of the state and its services. Today is time for systemic initiatives that summarize this period and draw out conclusions for the future. With the involvement of our experts and donors, we can help build an emotional and panic-resistant system based on a rational, real risk assessment. Although this means costs, we know that no one except us will do this.
2519	2	Transparent “Vaccine makes free” is not an accident at work. The Confederation has a epidemic.
2519	4	Transparent connected to the Auschwitz camp has been one of the favourite vaccine accessories of Gregor Braun for months. The rest of the Confederates claim that they are not anti-vaccinators, but are pleasantly exploiting the social refusal to vaccinations and exacerbations.
2519	6	On Tuesday, December 14, 2021, the Confederation and anti-vaccinators organized a demonstration in the Sejm against “the compulsory vaccination, covid passports and illegal accidents.” This was not the first of this kind of meeting of the extreme right – they are held in the same place quite regularly. This time, the meeting gained a sound for the banner “Vaccine makes free” styled on the label “Arbeit macht frei”.
2519	8	Spontaneously and accidentally.
2519	10	Transparent sharply criticized the Auschwitz Museum and government and opposition politicians, which made the Confederates begin to distant from the show before the Sejm.
2519	12	“This transparent should not appear in our demonstration. This is truth. As the organizers informed, they asked the owners of this transparency. My grandfather was also in a concentration camp, so I’m not very pleased with such events,” Michael Ubraniak tweeted. In a similar tone, Artur Dziambor spoke in a conversation with the “Rzeczpospolita”:
2519	14	“The situation was very simple. We organized a picket, this photo, was taken before. The man who held this transparent was expelled from the front of the event. Instead, the fact that someone with such a transparent appeared, invited to such a picket, is the emotion that is awakened in the crowd by the segregation policy.”
2519	16	On the available recordings, however, it is seen that politicians for a long time spoke on the background of the writing, calling for photos with it. The banner did not appear anywhere – it was brought by a group of anti-vaccin activists Justina Socha, the head association “STOP NOP”, the former candidate of the Confederation to the European Parliament, and above all – the social assistant Gregor Braun.
2519	18	For the first time, it was heard of them in December 2020, when a march of people dressed in camps passages passed through the boats. It is also a “vaccination makes it free.” The meeting was organized by Piotr Jawornik, also the social assistant Gregor Braun.
2519	20	Norimberga 2.0: “You’ll be hopeful”
2519	22	Gregor Braun himself is an anti-vaccinator and a promoter of historical analogues. “Norymberga 2.0” – another of the transparents that appeared on Tuesday under the Sejm – is his authorship program of the documentation of “human murder” managed by Sunday, Dworczyk, Morawiecki and the subordinate services and state bodies. For months, Braun has been traveling throughout Poland and speaks on the ages of conspiracy theories about the epidemic and promises the settlement of the ruling elites.
2519	24	These are the people who have committed in the past almost two years a variety of crimes against the health, life, the property of the Poles, the security, the defence of the Polish State. These are criminals in the criminal sense, people who have on the conscience of cases and deaths attributed to the fashionable and prompted in this season,” Braun said on August 2 in Jaśle. And he reminded that in Nuremberg the criminals were sent to the saft. 
2519	26	On the 16th of September, he told the minister on Sunday that he would suspend, for which he was financed. Shortly after that, he launched on the portal zrzutka.pl a collection for the project “Norymberga 2.0”. So far, he has been able to collect about half a million dollars.
2519	28	Are they working or are they not working?
2519	30	While Gregor Braun’s position on vaccines against COVID-19 is clear – the politician actually does not describe them differently than as “medical experiment” and “human murder”, so the rest of the Confederation politicians tried to dismiss them, using a slightly milder rhetoric.
2519	32	“The goal of the Confederation is not to vaccinate as many Poles as possible. The aim is to give Poles a vaccine that is safe, tested, ensuring that Poles will not be damaged. There is no such situation at the moment. The vaccines that are given are the preparations weakly tested, quickly tested. Preparations that simply don’t give security guarantees,” said Michael Wawer, a member of the Confederation and the National Movement, during a summit in January 2021.
2519	34	The official profile of the Confederation also publishes anytime on social media data that is supposed to indicate the inefficiency of vaccines. The last edition comes from December 11:
2519	36	Of course, the more people vaccinated in the population, the more infections and deaths among vaccinated. If all were vaccinated, these data would look even worse to the disadvantage of the vaccinated – because only they would be in these tables. These data also do not take into account the key indicator, i.e. the participation of people vaccinated in hospitalizations. Finally, even the numbers presented in this way indicate the effectiveness of the vaccines, which has scattered the Confederation of a number of Twitter users.
2519	38	Soon later Janusz Korwin-Mikke announced that the vaccines, however, are already safe and for a while also effective. Vaccination is suggested to older people who are most likely to die as a result of infection. Children should not be vaccinated, because, according to the policy, it is better for them to be infected and gain natural immunity. For according to Korwin-Mick, they are threatened by this “only” PIMS, a multinational inflammatory syndrome.
2519	40	Similarly, a few months ago, the position on vaccines was formulated by Krzysztof Bosak, saying that “persons who think this is a good solution for them should vaccinate against the coronavirus.”
2519	42	I am not an anti-vaccinator, but...
2519	44	It is true that most of the leading politicians of the Confederation are not anti-vaccinators. The career on the internet has been made for a few days by the 2019 record, on which deputy Dziambor during the meeting with the voters in Sosnowc in December 2019 says as follows:
2519	46	“I am not an anti-vaccinator. I did not join that movement. I'm a doctor's son, I have a little child I'm vaccinating. I can’t imagine a struggle for everyone to do what they want. I can’t be a freelance [...]
2519	48	I just think it is necessary to be responsible, and I see responsibility in such a way that I listen to people who are wiser than me in specific areas. For some reason, all doctors vaccinate their children, and people who are not doctors and don’t know about it try not to vaccinate them.”
2519	50	Diambor's statements come before the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, but it's hard to not notice contradictions in his current attitude to the appeals of doctors to lead to vaccination as much as the population can. His actions are going in the opposite direction.
2519	52	Confederates simply see how large reaches can be achieved by skillfully playing on the “resistance gene” and using the fire of the anti-vaccinated environments and how great the mobilization potential of this topic is. Thus, although they are not anti-vaccinators, they take the example and engage in the fanatic anti-vaccination actions of Gregory Braun. The famous “Congress of Confederation” – alongside Jews, gay, abortions, taxes and the EU – was joined by vaccines.
2519	54	And so that there is nothing
2519	56	In August, Braun, claiming that he was carrying out business inspections, appealed to the Headquarters of the Registering Office of Pharmaceuticals, Medical Products and Biochemical Products and asked his head, Gregor Cessak, “to review the clinical trials of populations under the age of 12.” He accompanied M.I. Extremely right-wing blogger Marcin Rola, former TVP presentator Jan Pospieszalski and authority of pandemio-sceptics, Dr. Katarzyna Ratkowska.
2519	58	In December, the deputy tried to make a similar unprecedented and inaccurate, but for this transmitted, parliamentary intervention in the Ministry of Health. This time he was accompanied by the Deputy of the Confederation and National Movement Robert Winnicki.
2519	60	In 2020, Braun was repeatedly excluded from the ceremony and punished for lack of a mask at the plenary hall. At some point, another member of the Confederation, Jacob Kules, began to engage regularly in his action of “possical disobedience.” Kulesza also celebrated in recent days with an announcement that he is participating in the Seymour ceremonies as a carrier of the coronavirus. “The joke” was that the deputy gave patterns of low pathogenic coronavirus, responsible for seasonal, mildly passing respiratory infections.
2519	62	On the 15th of December, the Health Commission had to work on the long-published draft law on covid safety principles in the workplaces. But there were too many members – the entire Confederation club and their guests – all without masks. The meeting was blocked.
2519	64	The case is so absurd that PiS, in fear of its own “anti-vacciners” in the coalition, overturned the tooth law. The new rules lead to the fact that entrepreneurs will be able from time to time to ask their employees to perform an antigen test.
2519	66	However, it turns out that the tests are not in the taste of the Confederation politicians, because – as Artur Dziambor announced on Twitter – putting a patch into the nose is very unpleasant.
2519	68	The Confederation can afford to hunt the pandemic right-wing elektorate, the populist program in the style of Christoph Kononovich – “Let’s be nothing.” No lockdown, no shrinking, no masks, passports, covid divisions, vaccines. They will not bear political responsibility for the deadly disaster, and if they have been swallowed themselves – as their numerous statements indicate – they will not bear any personal responsibility for theories and postulates they have proclaimed.
25190	1	The more OZE, the easier we can do without gas and oil from Russia. The government should wake up.
25190	3	The war in Russia has caused an energy crisis. Everyone accelerates the development of OZE. The desire of Polish entrepreneurs and residents to invest in these cheap energy sources is enormous, but it blocks the energy networks that have not been invested for years and the legal barriers with which the government delays its elimination.
25190	5	Renewable sources have a huge potential to lower energy prices and independent economies from fossil fuels. Especially the Russian. With the development of new technologies and the increasing scale of investment in OECD, the cost of photovoltaic panels and wind turbines has decreased by several decades, while increasing their efficiency and durability.
25190	7	OZEs are no longer expensive and subsidized, only cheap and competitive in relation to coal and gas power plants.
25190	9	In Poland, the power installed in renewable sources is already close to 20 GW, which corresponds to one-third of the total power installed in the electricity system.
25190	11	According to the Bloomberg NEF analysts, the single cost of producing electricity (LCOE) from photovoltaics, otherwise the limit price indicator of energy guaranteeing investment profitability, is currently lower by 86%. compared to 2010.
25190	13	For wind turbines, the LCOE decrease is 46%. This is the fact that the costs of raw materials, production and transport have increased over the past few months.
25190	15	New land wind farms and large solar power plants are around 40 percent in the world. Cheaper than new coal and gas power plants – reports Bloomberg NEF.
25190	17	The decade cost reduction trend has been reversed in the past year, but the cost distance between OECD and fossil fuels continues to rise due to the even faster rise in gas, coal prices and expensive CO2 emissions on the EU market. Investments in cheaper and cleaner sources of energy are accelerating almost all over the world, and China is leading here first.
25190	19	Last year, almost 295 GW of new power came to the world, this year the International Energy Agency expects 320 GW, which is an increase of 8%, higher than last year.
25190	21	The first place is photovoltaic, the cheapest, most common, ready to be used in large-scale solar farms, as well as small, household installations that are used by prosumens.
25190	23	Importantly, Poland is in the world’s leading countries where solar energy is developing the fastest, which is mainly responsible for the owners of single-time houses, who in recent years have massively invested in microinstallations. This is changing now.
25190	25	The Miracle of the Sun
25190	27	Looking only at the outcome of solar energy, you can estimate that Poland is in the avant-garde of energy changes. Last year there were 3.8 GW of new solar power in our country, a 56% increase. year to year. In the Solar Power Europe set, for the first time, Poland appeared among the market leaders, ranking third in the European Union, after Germany and Spain, and 10th in the world.
25190	29	“This is a positive surprise that most solar market analysts did not expect,” the organization said.
25190	31	What is worth emphasizing, the Polish government also did not plan such a rapid development of solar energy. The strategic document “Polish Energy Policy to 2040” (PEP 2040) predicted that at the end of this decade in Poland will be about 5-7 GW of solar power, while in May this year this power already exceeded 10 GW.
25190	33	In the last seven years, there has been a sharp increase in power in photovoltaics in Poland.
25190	35	for almost 80 percent. These investments correspond to microinstallations up to 50 kW, mainly on the roofs of Polish houses, but also in supermarkets, offices, warehouses, production halls.
25190	37	Clean profits from the sun
25190	39	The success of photovoltaics was determined, among other things, by the system of calculation of the energy produced by prosument in microinstallations, subsidies from the “My Power” program, the calculation of the expenditures for photovoltaics as part of the thermomodernization relief and the decline in the prices of photovoltaic panels.
25190	41	Subsidy up to 5,000. The PLN from the “My Power” program, initially funded from the revenues of the state budget from the sale on CO2 auctions, generated about 20,000. Investment on the prosumer side. No other technology in energy could praise such fast and spectacular effects.
25190	43	The government did not foresee such a large investment breakthrough for the Poles, which eventually led to the initial reduction of the subsidies in the “My Power” program, and eventually to change this year the system of prosument billing to less favorable.
25190	45	While the future of roof microinstallations remains uncertain, the segment of large-scale solar farms flourishes. As a result of the last year’s auctions, 6.5 GW of new power has been contracted in solar farms, which are able to meet the country’s energy needs in a short time.
25190	47	With current high electricity prices, the return from the investment in a solar power plant is made within 5 years, after which the investor can already count on a net profit. On the way of investors to the solar eldorada is now only one, but behind it a huge, obstacle – obtaining the conditions of connection to the electricity network.
25190	49	Without the network there will be no
25190	51	The distribution network operators have been overwhelmed by requests from investors who want to connect mainly photovoltaic farms to the network, because – unlike wind farms – they do not face significant regulatory barriers. Most of the proposals are rejected.
25190	53	“There are reasons to close the network because the conditionMilstone under the wind
25190	55	There is no chance for rapid development of wind energy. In Poland, it supplies the cheapest energy, which is due to geographical conditions and the maturity of the technology itself, however, the projects of new wind farms have rapidly stopped one law, introduced in 2016 by the United Right Government, baptized as the “anti-ventilation” law.
25190	57	He introduced the so-called The 10H rule prohibits the construction of wind turbines at a distance of less than 10 times the height of the wind turbine from buildings and protected areas. In practice, it excludes 99 percent from wind energy. territories of the country. As a result of the winnings in the last years of the auction, projects of wind farms are implemented, which have been approved before the anti-ventilation law has entered into force.
25190	59	New ones are no longer emerging and many indicate that they will not be emerging in the coming years.
25190	61	The wind industry has been trying to liberalize the 10H rule for years, but the project of such a change
25191	1	Definition of Standards
25191	3	Good that there is no device in the world to measure hypocrisy. If it existed, the scale would unfortunately have to be adjusted on the Village Street in Warsaw. It’s hard to imagine that we could fall down. I transfer?
25191	5	Well, I inform you that the expert of the Campus of Poland from the height was Barbara Kurdej-Satan, who wrapped in Poland the vulgar call of the Border Guard. A little? This might be the impression that Donald Tusk will make, who laughs with... the discourse and obsession of Jaroslav Kaczynski. What will be the next? Richard Kalisz laughing at someone that he was stumbling? Franek Sterczewski is angry on drunk cyclists? Or Sylvia Spurek eating wool kebab? Everything is probably already possible, because it turns out that politicians are changing their views more and more often, requiring stability only from political opponents. They do not see their defects. And so, Donald Tusk, who will not correctly pronounce the name “rabar”, will laugh at the expression of the President of PiS, and Barbara Kurdej-Satan, who starts his expression from “k...wa”, will teach about the heath. And then, of course, everyone is surprised that Poles politics is linked to the shambes, and the electoral frequency we have at the bottom level. Very strange, right?
25193	1	Elon Musk about women. Korwin-Mikke replied: I’ve always said about it
25193	3	The popular and excentric billionaire Elon Musk posted a short post about women. It was made by Janus Korwin-Mikke.
25193	5	The opinion of women that joined Korwin-Mick and Musk will not like feminists. The attention of the American billionaire is, of course, increasingly rarely heard in the so-called The main drop.
25193	7	What did Musk say? For women, it is just as important as a career to be a mother.
25193	9	“Being a mother is as important as any career,” Musk wrote in his very short, but boring posts.
25193	11	The same answer was given by Janusz Korwin-Mikke. “Lightly! I have always talked about it! The most important are women!” wrote the monster of the Polish liberals.
25193	13	Although many women in the comments admit Musk right and share their testimony, it does not lack the opinion that this is the prejudice of women that the world has changed and is no longer the way Musk sees him. Even after Korwin-Mick's response, there were a few voices that suggested that for the Confederation policy women are not the most important, because he would prefer to lock them at home, bring them into the role of the housewife and ban them from working.
25193	15	How did Korwin-Mikke respond to this kind of argument? “There’s a time when men were scratching women, and now you’re sitting behind a desk, watching a newspaper, and four ladies are scratching around the office like a dwarf and working. And these feminists still seem that it’s good that it’s in their favour,” he said in one of the interviews.
25193	17	“Women don’t want to move these boxes in Biedronca, but if they want to paint, for example, let them paint. Maria Skłodowska-Curie, in the times when there was no feminism, was great. No one prohibits women from doing what they want, just so that it does not ruin the logic of social life,” said Korwin-Mikke.
252	1	"Is Nord Stream 2 a ""reparation formula"", a ""compensation"" for Hitler's crimes in Russia? What the German President said?"
252	3	Polish politicians – Prime Minister, Minister at the office of the President, Vice-Chairman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs – criticized the President of Germany for the fact that he seemed to suggest in an interview that the Nord Stream 2 is a form of compensation for the German crimes committed in the Soviet Union during World War II. Such statements did not fall in the interview.
252	5	"The interview with German President Frank Walter Steinmeier, which appeared on February 6 in the journal ""Rheinische Post"" (is also available on the RFN president's website), caused a reaction of Polish politicians. The discussion was mainly dedicated to the course of the coronavirus pandemic in Germany, but at the end fell two questions about the assessment of the German-Russian relations. PiS politicians believe that Frank Walter Steinmeier's response opens discussion on compensation for Poland for war losses. For the President of Germany had to say that the Nord Stream 2 is a form of compensation for the horrors that the Germans issued to the Russians during World War II."
252	7	Only the Polish politicians refer to the words that did not fall in the interview - and appeared only in the interpretations of the conversation.
252	9	“For us, Germans, it has a completely different dimension.”
252	10	"The first of the questions on German-Russian relations asked to President Steinmeier was about the arrest and condemnation of the Russian oppositionist Alexey Navalny. The president replied: ""It is completely cynical to imprison someone who has just come to himself after the poison he has been subjected to in his home country. Russia violates the obligations that the country has undertaken in national and international law in order to protect human rights. The arrest and conviction of Alexey Navalny has nothing to do with the rule of law.”"
252	12	He added: “We need to take into account a broader picture of the EU-Russia relations. In our criticism of the internal political situation in Russia, we must be clear and unclear – and continue to look for the striking points in foreign policy again to transform the bad present into a better future.”
252	14	The second question concerned the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, which after the Baltic days will be shipped from Russia to Germany – with the omission of Poland, but also Ukraine.
252	16	"""What do you think about the completion of the Nord Stream 2 construction? Are the German interests more in energy security or in loyalty to the United States?” He was told by the journalist “Rheinische Post”."
252	18	The President replied:
252	20	"“If it was so simple. But first, the dialogue with the new U.S. government on this issue has not yet begun. Moreover, it should be thought: after the continued deterioration of relations in recent years, the energy relations are almost the last bridge between Russia and Europe. Both sides should consider whether this bridge should be destroyed irrevocably and without anything in place. I think smoking bridges is not a sign of strength. How do we have an impact on the state of things that are unacceptable to us when we overtake the last flags? For us, the Germans, this has a completely different dimension: we look back to our very bitter history with Russia. There were periods of fruitful partnership, but even more periods of terrible bloodshed. June 22 is the 80th anniversary of the German invasion of the Soviet Union. More than 20 million people of the Soviet Union were victims of the war. This does not justify any wrong actions of today’s Russian policy, but we cannot lose the wider picture of the situation. Yes, we live in the present of a difficult relationship, but there is the past before and the future after."""
252	22	First Reactions Abroad
252	24	The interview was addressed by the Ukrainian ambassador to Berlin, Andrij Melnyk. The day after the appearance of the interview, February 7, Melnyk said in a statement that “the statements of President Steinmeier agreed deeply in our hearts, because Nord Stream 2 remains a geopolitical project of Russian President Vladimir Putin, contrary to the Ukrainian interests. Therefore, cynicism is to invoke in this debate the horrors of national-socialist terror and, in addition, to attribute millions of Soviet victims of the German war to the destruction and slavery of Russia alone.” Ambassador Melnyk criticized Steinmeier that he would not directly mention the many millions of victims of the Nazis in Ukraine that was then part of the Soviet Union.
252	26	"Also, some German commentators criticized the words of the President of Germany. Clemens Wergin, the ""Die Welt"" commentator, wrote on February 9 that the defense of the Nord Stream 2 by Steinmeier is a ""preaching of history."" “The German president claims that Germany has special obligations to Russia as a result of the crimes of the Nazi regime. As if other countries of the former Soviet Union did not suffer the same, and even more,” the German journalist emphasizes."
252	28	"On February 9, the British newspaper ""The Times"" described the interview of President Steinmeier and the protest of the Ukrainian ambassador in an article entitled ""We are guilty of Russia's Nord Stream gas pipeline in connection with the cruelty of the Nazis, says the President of Germany."" “German President Steinmeier has scattered Ukraine, defending the project of the Russian pipeline by the argument that his country is liable to Moscow for the cruelty of World War II,” the Times wrote."
252	30	Polish media and Polish politicians react
252	32	"With German and British comments, the discussions of the interview with the President of Germany, which appeared in some Polish media, were coerent. 10 February (on the hour) 17.06) the portal inPolityce.pl describes the interview with Frank Walter Steinmeier and the reaction of the Ukrainian ambassador titled: ""Nord Stream 2 as a compensation for Russia for Hitler's attack?! Scandalous words of the President of Germany in one of the interviews."""
252	34	"A few minutes later, Deputy Foreign Minister Marcin Przydacz said in an interview with the state television that the words of the President of the Russian Federation show that Germany is ready to negotiate war repairs. “As we heard today of the President of Germany who says that the Nord Stream 2 is a form of repairs or debt repayment for the horrors made by Germany to the Russians during World War II, I have to say that it gets a new meaning. If this project should be treated in this way, then the Germans are ready to discuss the repairs,"" Dodac said."
252	36	"In a morning interview with the Polish Radio on February 11, another Vice-President of the MSZ, Simon Szynkowski vel Sęk, stated that ""speaking about the Nord Stream 2 gas station is the worst possible way of speaking about any compensation to Russia."""
252	38	"On the same day afternoon, Krzysztof Szczerski, the Secretary of State at the Office of the President of the Republic of Congo, said that on the order of the President Andrei Dudy he had a conversation with the head of the Office of the President of Germany Stephan Steinlein. As he wrote on Twitter: ""In the conversation I expressed our strongly critical position regarding the construction of the Nord Stream2 gas pipeline and the deepening of Europe's dependence on Russian gas imports."""
252	40	"At 4:00 p.m. on the ""Worksheet"" portal appeared the text. “Nord Stream 2 is a remuneration for Russia for Hitler’s invasion. In Poland and Ukraine.” The author stated: ""German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, defending the Russian gas station Nord Stream 2, suggested that it was a compensation for Russia for Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union. Such suggestions have caused flooding in Poland and Ukraine.”"
252	42	"At the same time, the portal Dziennik.pl published an article with a similar title: ""President of Germany: NS2 is compensation for crimes."" In the text it was written: ""The British newspaper (""The Times"" - red.) She said on Wednesday that Steinmeier will estimate that because of Nazi crimes Germany has a debt to Russia, and the Nord Stream 2 is one of the last'mosts' between Europe and Russia."
252	44	On February 11 on Facebook Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki wrote: “Nord Stream 2 is the worst possible form of compensation. Its implementation will not match any historical accounts – it will only improve the balance sheet on the current bank accounts of the project’s shareholders. It is an investment that is harmful to European solidarity. It is a threat to the security of Europe and one of its largest neighbors – Ukraine.”
252	46	"On February 12 in Radio Maria, PiS Joachim Brudziński asked: ""If today the head of the German state says that the Nord Stream has sense, because it is a sort of compensation toward Russia, then we must ask: What about compensation toward the Poles?“”"
252	48	“So that President Steinmeier didn’t say...”
252	50	"The historian, a scientist of Polish-German relations, Professor Stanisław Žerko from the Western Institute in Poznań, in several tweets commenting the statements of PiS politicians emphasized: ""So that President Steinmeier did not say that NS2 is a compensation for German crimes in the USSR."""
252	52	Witold Yuras, the chairman of the Center for Strategic Analysis, commented on February 12 in a text for Onet.pl that “the President, Prime Minister and Deputy Chief of Diplomacy, referring to the words of the President of Germany, referred to words that didn’t fall and based on media reports, which – obviously – were not checked at all either in the President’s Office, or in the Prime Minister’s Office, or in the MSZ.”
252	54	"Journalist Ewa Wanat in a Facebook post on February 13 noted: ""From the left to the right Polish media reports with anger that the President of Germany has suggested in an interview with the Rheinische Post that Nordstream 2 is a compensation for Russia for war losses. More Moravian and Consortes. Even Electoral. One Witold Jura in Oneta wrote how it is. Steinmeier did not say anything like that. He didn’t even suggest, as GW suggests.” And Wanat quoted the words of the German president."
252	56	Andrzej Byrt, former Polish ambassador to Germany, in a comment for Konkret24 states that nothing indicates that
252	57	The German president combines the issue of building a gas station with compensation for Russia for its war losses.
252	59	“This is an absurd accusation made by someone who has not read this interview,” said Ambassador Byrt. “There’s no irony between the construction of the Nord Stream and the compensation for the deaths of 20 million Russians. President Steinmeier says only, although more accurate, the need for solidarity with the victims of the war. From his words, it is also impossible to conclude that Germany opens a field for discussions on compensation for Poland for the losses our country suffered in the Second World War. This issue is played for internal use by people on the right side of the political scene, who, using an interview with the President of Germany, want to warm up the topic of repairs, says Andrzej Byrt.
2520	2	Covid certificates: I am not a supporter
2520	4	"The decision to vaccinate is an individual matter for each Poles, the Minister of Justice, Zbigniew Ziobro, said in the morning of the Catholic Voice ""Seventh-Ninth"". “We are facing a problem of legal, ethical, constitutional nature, which cannot be easily solved,” he added."
2520	6	The head of the justice department was asked on Friday for a proposal to impose the obligation to show a test certificate or escape against COVID-19 when entering the restaurant or the church. “I’m not a supporter of such solutions because I’m a supporter of freedom,” Zbigniew Ziobro said.
2520	8	He said he personally was a vaccine. I have been vaccinated and encouraged everyone to get vaccinated. I have the experience — unfortunately sad — from the Ministry of Justice that a few people, including young people, have died, all untransplanted, which seems to confirm the thesis that vaccination increases the chance of survival in the event of a disease (...) No matter how my view of vaccination was, I see the problem of the constitutional nature in this matter” — said the guest Moranka “Sedma9”.
2520	10	There is no debate on the benefits and risks of vaccination. “I think there is no full use of the potential to reach the awareness of the Poles and tend them to make such decisions that will be the best in their belief for the health and life of themselves and their neighbors,” he said.
2520	12	Ziobro also referred to the Ministry of Health’s decision to block the wider access to amantadine. “These are such incomprehensible communications to the public that can cause unnecessary emotions, suspicions and diverse speculations that do not serve to a credible explanation of the matter and encourage the Poles to make a rational decision from their point of view,” the minister said.
2521	2	The Covid-19. European countries strengthen vaccination rules
2521	4	No one is surprised by the government decrees introducing vaccination obligations for specific social groups. They appear even in those countries where the percentage of vaccination is high.
2521	6	In a certain sense, the implementation of compulsory vaccines was inevitable, and at least long awaited. This scenario was predicted by all the participants in the pandemic dispute. Opponents, from the first days of the infection accusing governments of “sanitary fascism”, a popular term especially in the first half of 2020, have warned that politicians will be forced to injection in the final act of suppression of civil freedoms. Their supporters, in turn, supposed that even when the covid vaccine becomes publicly available, there will be a large group of those who will refuse to take it voluntarily. From the side of which not to look at the vaccination obligations introduced in Europe, it will always be a self-fulfilling prophecy.
2521	8	Vaccinations Save Hospitals
2521	10	The vaccine prohibition is also announced, and above all, in the countries where the preparation on its own will has received the relatively most inhabitants. This is the case in Italy, where 87 percent have been vaccinated. citizens over the age of 12. This country is the first, since in October last year, it also introduced the obligation to have a covid passport at workplaces in all sectors of the economy. Since April, under the threat of suspension and suspension of payments, vaccines are mandatory for medical workers and pharmacists, and on 15 December this rule has been extended to teachers and representatives of uniform services. On January 5th, a new law came into force, this time provisioning the injection to all inhabitants over the age of 50.
2521	12	Mario Draghi's government members argued they wanted to prevent the worsening of the situation in this group of society whose virus is most threatened. Although Italy, like other countries in Europe, is now observing a significant increase in infections, the next wave does not burden health services as much as in the previous two years – just thanks to vaccines. The authorities introduce mandatory vaccines in the risk groups mainly in fear of unknown variants of the virus. The fact that the omicron mildly flooded with the society does not mean that further mutations will be equally harmless, so the immunity must be strengthened with all available means. In the Italian case, accurately, this order largely sanctiones the existing state of things. Unvaccinated citizens after fifty are few, and two doses of the preparation have already taken more than 91 percent. Italians over the age of 60.
2521	14	Austria has mandates
2521	16	The first country to be vaccinated by any citizen will be Austria. On 1 February the law enters into force, according to which anyone who refuses must count on the consequences: first a reminder, from the middle of March a fine. Anti-vaccinators can be punished by a mandate of up to 3,6 thousand. the euro.
2521	18	However, the level of vaccination in Austria is 72%. – less than in Italy or Portugal, but still above the EU average – the government does not intend to apply relief tariffs. Chancellor Alexander Schallenberg has even stated publicly that only the acceptance of the vaccine by all citizens can bring the country out of the endless spiral of lockdown, quarantine and fear of new variants. It is also not afraid of the protests, which are organized in Vienna and other cities almost every week. Because although loud and effective, they don’t gather the crowd. At least not enough to influence Schallenberg’s policy.
2521	20	Greece is fighting false certificates
2521	22	100 euros per month for non-vaccination will be paid by Greece residents aged 60 or more. Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis has been fighting anti-vacciners for several months. In October, he introduced a vaccine obligation for all medical workers, including private clinics. It also systematically reduces the possibility of participation in public life to those who do not have valid covid certificates.
2521	24	Now, as in Italy, the oldest people are forced to vaccinate. The argument is simple – up to 90 percent. The deaths in Greece are in this age group. In addition, the country grows the plague of false evidence of vaccines. According to Euronews, there are more than 100,000. Citizens may have a false certificate. In the black market, their price ranges from 400 euros in cities to just 50 euros in the poorest parts of the country. That’s why Mitsotakis imposed one of the highest penalties for pandemic fraud. Having a false certificate alone threatens a mandate of 5,000. The euro, and for its production, will come to pay up to ten times more.
2521	26	Vaccination is not enough.
2521	28	How is it in other regions of Europe? From September, the vaccine will be mandatory for French doctors, but also for people employed in transport and public communications. The Minister of Health, Olivier Véran, said that there will be no universal vaccination obligation, but it is possible to put a thesis that it would not be necessary. President Emmanuel Macron systematically limits the field to describe the vaccines, excluding them from participating in the next segments of public life. In addition, the vaccine action is going much better than expected. This is the same idea for the UK’s strategy. The government does not have the obligation, because the preparation has approved more than 90 percent. the residents.
2521	30	In combination with a clear, determined and consistent policy, this gives measurable effects. It must be emphasized that the duty of vaccination, even strictly executed and bound by severe penalties, the virus itself will not overcome. The exam is only when it is one of the many public policy instruments. Vaccinations in combination with restrictions on non-vaccinated, universal access to tests and most importantly effective information campaign really save lives – but only those who actually receive them.
2522	2	The COVID-19. World Health Organization Report on Excessive Deaths. Romania is worse than Poland
2522	4	The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an increase in the number of deaths in Poland. According to data published by the World Health Organization, 19% of people died in Poland. More people than in previous years.
2522	6	Since the start of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, 6 million 6 thousand 298 people have been banned in Poland. COVID-19 killed 116 thousand 290 people infected with the virus.
2522	8	World Health Organization (WHO) says 19 percent of deaths occurred in Poland during the COVID-19 pandemic. More people
2522	10	The World Health Organization has published data on the excessive number of deaths due to the coronavirus pandemic. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), Poland has ranked second in terms of increased mortality. They died 19 percent. More people than died before. Before us in the ranking, where only the wealthiest countries were qualified, there was only Romania - there died 20 percent. more people.
2522	12	In other European countries, the number of deaths was significantly lower and was:
2522	14	The UK – 12 percent.
2522	15	Italy – 12 percent.
2522	16	Spain – 12 percent.
2522	17	Germany – 11 percent.
2522	18	The Netherlands – 9%.
2522	19	Portugal – 9 percent.
2522	20	Belgium – 8 percent.
2522	21	Greece – 8 percent.
2522	22	France – 7 percent.
2522	23	Sweden is 6%.
2522	25	In the middle-income countries, the highest increase in the number of deaths was in Peru (97 percent).Equatorians (51 per cent) and Mexico (41 per cent). In the poorest countries, the highest number of deaths was in Bolivia (49 percent).Iran (29 per cent) Indonesia (28 per cent))
2522	27	Coronavirus in Poland - Latest News 
2522	29	The Ministry of Health said on Wednesday that from 19 to 25 May, 1,871 cases of coronavirus infection were confirmed in Poland, including 166 reinfection cases. A total of 60 people died - due to COVID-19 alone it was 14 people, and due to the co-existence of COVID-19 with other diseases - 46 people. Over the last week, 56,000 coronavirus tests have been performed.
2522	31	On May 16, the state of the epidemic introduced in March 2020 ended. It is now transformed into an epidemic threat state, which is intended to be valid at least until September of this year.
2523	4	Prime Minister Mario Draghi has sharpened the course: vaccines are necessary to go to the pool, to the museum or to eat in a restaurant. The decision triggered a wave of protests on which the capital is destroyed by the right-wing radicals.
2523	6	A few months ago, before the delta again raised the statistics of diseases and deaths, the Peninsula of Athens was believed that there would be no compulsory vaccination. Although the government in Rome was the first in Europe to order to accept the injection to all health workers and pharmacists under the threat of receiving their salary or suspension in the law to perform the profession, but before dividing society into vaccinated and non-vaccinated he defended for a long time. The Minister of Health Roberto Speranza has repeatedly said that vaccines are the most important instrument in the fight against the pandemic, but he wants to encourage them rather than force them. Furthermore, the action itself after a fairly unmotivated start gained strength just in the spring.
2523	8	The authorities also counted that citizens did not forget the tragedy that touched them a little more than a year ago. The images that rounded the world, as the trucks carrying the victims of the covid-19 from Bergamo convoyed the imagination of the Italians. The country is slowly rebuilding – economically, but also as a community. So if the government does not ask, then even the remembrance of the disaster was intended to encourage the adoption of a coronavirus vaccine.
2523	10	Mario Draghi is cold.
2523	12	The hopes were burning. Although this week the number of inhabitants who took both doses of the preparation has exceeded the psychologically important barrier of 30 million, which means vaccination at the level of half of the adult population (more than in France, Germany or Poland), Draghi is not satisfied. Not only because of the delta and the growth of diseases – these are currently mild, at the level of 4–5 thousand. New cases per day, much lower than in the UK or Spain. It is before Italy the summit of the season, coming to the end of July and the beginning of August. Residents and tourists go to the beaches, to the mountains, to historic cities and towns. The possible closure of the boundaries does not enter into the game. The tourism is too heavy in the Italian economy, another blow could not survive. Resorts, hotels and restaurants must remain open.
2523	14	There is also a second reason, also related to the first. The economy revolves from the bottom, and this is faster than experts expected. The central bank forecasted a growth of 4.4 percent at the beginning of the year. In the first quarter, the GDP has revised its forecast. The economy is expected to grow by 5 percent. Some experts put even more ambitious theses, expecting greater consumption. In short, the Italians are trying to get up financially from their knees, they are going better than they expected. Therefore, it is not possible to allow the reconstruction to be stopped by another wave of diseases, and even a fragmentary lockdown after it.
2523	16	That’s why Draghi wants to swallow for cold. From now on, the entrance to the museums, galleries, cinemas, theatres, at the gyms and swimming pools, to the interior of the cafés and restaurants will only be allowed to those who are so-called. The green pass (the passport confirming vaccination) may be healers or have a fresh negative coronavirus test result.
2523	18	The situation changed immediately. About 700,000 people were registered for vaccination. people. In some regions of the country, such as Lacum and Sicily, this indicated a 100% or 200% increase. Sicily and Sardinia, traditional vacation destinations primarily for domestic tourists, at the last moment escaped from the topor of the sanitary regime – due to the rise of diseases, there was a real return of some of the restrictions, including the previous closure of the premises.
2523	20	Anti-vaccinators have political patterns
2523	22	Not everyone in Italy liked this task. The anti-vaccination movements have been activated, which, although less numerous and traditionally weaker in society than in France, have made a lot of media noise in the weekend. Covidosceptics went out to the streets in Palermo, Naples, Turin, in Milan, they massaged through the famous gallery of Victor Emmanuel II, screaming that the obligation to vaccinate is an attack on their civil rights, and the government cannot interfere so deeply in their lives. They also added populist slogans about giving power to the hands of the people, Draghim terrorizing “normal citizens” and the full liberalization of economic activity as the only recipe for returning to normality.
2523	24	And although at first glance it doesn’t differ specifically from the actions that the anti-vacciners carry out in other countries, the Italian movement is dangerous because it has found an effective political patron. At the refusal of a small part of society to vaccinate capital, the extreme right is already down: the radicals have managed to build the issue of vaccination in a completely new, unrelated pandemic narrative. When they protest against vaccine passports, they don’t talk about public health or health security issues. The theme of vaccinations is the current ideological conflict and the cultural war of the progressive left with populist nationalism.
2523	26	Giorgia Meloni is on the wave.
2523	28	Just a day after the announcement of vaccination, Giorgia Meloni, the leader of the Italian Brothers, the extreme right-wing and most popular Italian group at the moment, wrote in a party newsletter a flameful felieton against the Prime Minister. Interestingly, she did not accuse him of violating civil freedoms, which would be an expected argument, but of hypocrisy. In her opinion, Draghi violates the sovereignty of the nation, because to use Italian swimming pools, to watch Italian art, or to whisper Italian teams requires vaccination, not applying this criterion to migrants passing through the Mediterranean Sea and “laying on Italian beaches.” In this way, Meloni wrote the discussion on vaccines again. Antibacterians don’t need to convince – they probably won’t take the preparation anyway. However, in Italy, like any other country, there is a fairly controversial group that has not yet made a vaccine decision.
2523	30	In this way, the extreme right is strongly influenced by the unresolved, and the subject of compulsion is included in a wider political debate. This means that it is no longer a pandemic, but a vision of the country and its place in Europe. The Italian brothers make the most of this, their members are active on social media, co-organize protests. Matteo Salvini, the leader of the League, is trying to overcome them, but Meloni is on the wave. It seems that Salvini has dropped his moment – migration issues he has been trying to use for years, but when he himself was the Vice-President and Head of the MSW, despite his promises, he changed little in this matter.
2523	32	This leader of the Italian Brothers has his time, for which he has worked for a long time. Last year, she was the only one to defend ancient fascists whose monuments were painted on the wave of protests related to the Black Lives Matter movement. Today, it gives the tone of Italian outbreak of the cultural war. At the moment, he goes with Salvin's lips in lips (their parties have 20 percent. It will be supported, and it will soon be overwhelmed. Unfortunately, the cost of this success can be huge, counted in dozens or hundreds of dismissed to vaccinate the next victims of the coronavirus.
2524	2	Coronavirus – conspiracy theory or conspiracy practice?
2524	4	Global geopolitical changes. Express production of vaccines and blocking studies on ordinary antiviral drugs. Mystery of the coronavirus. All these topics are subject to hot speculation and conspiracy theories. Some of them broke out even the expectations of the most distracted youtubic “cleaning”. Below we are discussing the most popular controversies that are the domain of the global information war.
2524	6	Unclear genesis of the virus 
2524	8	The symbol of the “health court” position is the famous Wuhan exhibition, on which the luskows (pangolins) were to appear. They were supposed to eat the outlets of the non-corns – the typical carrier of the coronavirus. However, it is not uncommon that there were no shrinkers. And the non-operators do not.  
2524	10	The symbol of the “spiskers” is the Institute of Virusology located near the famous already in the world of the marketplace. among the scientists who are investigating there. Corona viruses appeared citizens of Western countries, and the institution itself is linked to the University of Texas. Additional smell of the whole matter can be added by the fact of anticipating by various scientific, business and political possibilities of such an event.  
2524	12	Bill Gates, which I’m sure I’m not going to write in the vaccine section, in 2015 spoke at one of the TED conferences about the high probability of the epidemic to the Spanish. He also showed ways to prepare for this possibility.  
2524	14	Three years earlier, the U.S. National Intelligence Council submitted a report to President Obama in which, as one of the threats by the world hegemony fighters, China exchanged the use of biological weapons in the form of a dangerous virus. This information was communicated to the Polish audience by the journalist Mariusz “Max” Kolonko, who at the time did not show as exotic political ambitions as it is now.  
2524	16	The article on the coronavirus transmitted by the nonopers was finally published in early 2019 by the Chinese virologist Shi Zhengli (also known as “Bat Woman”), who was actively involved in the work of the Institute of Virusology there. Her studies used in vaccine work, as among the coronavirus she described were those whose genome is similar to sars-cov-2.  
2524	18	Over the past year there have been many scientific controversies about whether the coronavirus could develop in an autonomous way. According to the supporters of the thesis about the natural origin of the virus may prove the lack of traces of artificial interference that would have occurred if its structure was changed in the laboratory.  
2524	20	Vaccination – a great hope or a great disagreement?
2524	22	When we move this topic, it is also a matter of long-term neglecting research on other preparations that could prevent at least the severe course of the disease.  
2524	24	The most sound example in Poland is amantadine – a chemical substance used so far in antiviral drugs and drugs against Parkinson’s disease. Just a few days ago, the Agency for Medical Research spent more than 6.5 million euros on research on its use in the treatment of symptoms of COVID-19. The more unclear can be here the actions of the Ministry of Health, which first ignored the reports of doctors practicing this type of treatment, and then in the fall of November and December de facto banned the use of amantadine for cases of coronavirus.  
2524	26	With the billions of funds spent on the vaccine, which significantly shorten the duration of the vaccine, there is a factor that cannot be missed in any way – the lack of evidence of the long-term effects of taking the vaccine.  
2524	28	Although most virologists assure that they are completely safe and should not cause more NOPs than the standard, however, it cannot be noted that especially Pfizer and Modern vaccines are a kind of medical experiment.  
2524	30	These are not traditional vector vaccines, that is, those that contain weakened viral protein. Instead, they contain mRNA acid responsible for its coding. This is our cells based on this information are intended to generate S protein, which as an antigen is intended to trigger a response of the human immune system.  
2524	32	If we add to all this:  
2524	34	The approval of vaccines by the European Medicines Agency.  
2524	36	- the refusal to register the vector vaccine of AstraZeneca by Switzerland,  
2524	38	- reports of the illegal pressures of the heads of certain public institutions to influence the decision of the vaccine by the employee  
2524	40	All this does not help in an already so difficult and complex logistically project as the National Vaccination Program. 
2524	42	The Bono?  
2524	44	Regardless of the genesis of the virus and the quality of the drugs and vaccines that are intended to stop it, someone in the situation won and someone lost.  
2524	46	One of the biggest losers belongs, while the entrepreneurs and industry employees are most sensitive to the limitation of interpersonal contacts. In general, however, in the world there is a trend of pooring small and medium-sized entrepreneurs at the expense of large corporations. There are already cases of acquisition of business by international corporations and cases of their nationalization.  
2524	48	The deprivation of people of property leaves them unprotected against any other designated form of slavery. It allows you to manage them with fear and fear of tomorrow. It should be noted that the current situation also introduces a structural state of political uncertainty. Similarly, it’s a dust bowl to which it’s enough to throw a flame in the form of another unexpected event.  
2524	50	On a small scale, we could have experienced this since the end of May in the U.S. in the form of radical leftist environmental protests after George Floyd’s death. As for the game of global hegemony, the most gained were China, which for a long time falsified data about the development of the epidemic in Wuhan and other regions of the country. The World Health Organization (WHO) led by the Ethiopian communist Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. Among the largest economies as the only one they indicate GDP growth by 2020 (2,3% according to Chinese data, which are rather falsified). Many cities in Europe and the U.S. still resembles the scenography of a dead town from a B-class film. 
2524	52	Where is the record and do we deal with it? Let the readers think. 
2525	1	Empty rack in shops and the perspective of hunger - so pro-Kremlin media describe Europe after sanctions on Russia
2525	3	"The sanctions work, but on the countries that have introduced them - this thesis is spread by the pro-Kremlin media. The main French question is now: how to survive? - said Natalia Ivanova, describing the situation on Sekwan in a report for Ren-TV. ""Europeans are now saving even on food,"" the Russian First Channel. If, in turn, something is missing in Russia, they are guilty of it – as Prime Minister Mikhail Miszustin says – “the scammers who have decided to take advantage of the situation and the fears of the people.”"
2525	5	The French have problems with wine. In the face of the threat of a complete lack of food and water, the authorities banned the floating of grasshouses, gardens and private gardens. Goodbye tomatoes from your own garden. Given the unprecedented inflation, fuel prices and energy deficits, the main French question is now how to survive,” Ren-TV correspondent Natalia Ivanova described the economic situation digested by the drought of France. In the three-minute material, the journalist stressed in every possible way that the cause of the problems is not only the drought, but also the sanctions imposed on Russia. “All of this – he says – can even lead to hunger in France.”
2525	7	"The material appeared on Russian television a day after a meeting dedicated to the Russian economy, on which Vladimir Putin criticized the sanctions, stating that ""this authors, guided by short-looking, divided political ambitions, rusophobia, more and more hit their own national interests, their own economy, the well-being of their citizens."""
2525	9	Russian media: Eurozone may fall
2525	11	Then Putin defined the situation of Russia’s economy as very good: he detailed how well he believes the economy deals with the crisis: “Russian business replaces the Western companies that have gone, Russian bread gives record harvests, and inflation in April fell several times compared to March,” he said.
2525	13	"The media quickly captured Putin's narration of the poorest West. Analysts, on which the 1prime.ru portal calls, found that imposing sanctions on Russia and restricting the export of fossil fuels could lead to a situation in which ""Antirussia sanctions will play against the European Union and lead to the collapse of the euro system: the freezing of Russian assets in European countries will negatively affect the banks of those countries."""
2525	15	The first channel, in turn, issued a material in which it that as a result of the sanctions in some cities in Germany, street lighting will be turned off an hour earlier. “Europeans are now saving even on food and look at the reports from Russia about life under sanctions with disappointment,” the channel’s correspondent said.
2525	17	Expert: Scenario with people in rows after food is very possible
2525	19	The Russians have stabilized the economy, but this will not help them in the long run. We will not see people standing in the rows after eating. But with the present state of things, such a scenario is still very possible, said in an interview with the Vox portal Jakov Feygin, an expert in the field. Political Economy at the Berggruen Institute.
2525	21	According to Vox, sanctions already have a significant impact on the development of technology in Russia. Moscow may not buy such products as microchips, used in the armed industry or artificial intelligence. There are no spare parts for aircraft and spare parts for cars.
2525	23	Companies are not allowed to purchase whitewashers for paper or food packaging for babies. A report from one of the Russian business outlets says that 90 percent of the Russian bread producers consist of parts originating in Europe; their current substitutes will be able to be used in just a few months, Vox estimates.
2525	25	Empty ports and advice on how to get medications
2525	27	"Although the news of the Russian media is largely covered with the propaganda line of the Kremlin, it can be found in them information suggesting that the sanctions are already in effect. The portal ""Izvestia"" published a text in mid-May with instructions on how to buy deficit drugs abroad. On the same day, another text on the site that many Russians in the first days of the ""special operation in Ukraine"" sold their property in fear of confiscation. Some of those who have removed the property are now afraid of losing money because it is easier to confiscate."
2525	29	The Polyarnaja Pravda recently noted that the Russian ports are working on half-pass, because only those cargoes that were purchased and sent before sanctions were still reached by sea. “And it’s going to be done soon,” we read on the portal. Today, the situation with the delivery of goods is extremely difficult. All supply chains broke within a week from the start of a special military operation, said Pavel Timokhin, trading director of A Plus Holding. Timokhin does not hide that the problems began to arise even before the introduction of the first package of sanctions: - Goods sent or received by the countries of the European Union and the United States began to be blocked to appeal, which immediately led to fractures in the ports.
2525	31	In turn, citated by the secretmag.ru site, the Prime Minister of Russia Mikhail Miszustin said that some stores created an artificial deficiency, storing products in a state, and then placing them on the roofs at a completely different price. “They immediately found those who decided to take advantage of this situation, fear of people,” the prime minister said. The thieves! You should call directly to those who tried to make money on panic moods.
2525	33	Miszustin stressed that the law provides serious responsibility for such actions: - Abuse of the dominant position leads to penalties up to 50 percent of the annual income, and the participation of officials in cartel agreements up to 7 years in prison - he warned.
2526	1	Western sanctions are in place. The Russian Blood Economy
2526	3	Western sanctions are striking Russia stronger than ever. It affects all, both the elites and the ordinary citizens. Some sectors are at the end of bankruptcy.
2526	5	A week after the Russian invasion of Ukraine, life in Russia has changed radically. The unprecedented sanctions of the West have affected almost every sector of the economy: finance, transport, tourism, culture, and sport. New measures are introduced every day and are easily lost in them. This resembles the so-called strategy of a thousand shakes, which is already strongly overturning the Russian economy. This is not a blurry, but a strike wave.
2526	7	In just a few days the ruble lost about one-third of its value. There are reports of rounds before ATMs and problems with the payment card or payment systems Google Pay and Apple Pay. The household equipment, but also the western clothes and shoes can soon become deficit goods, just as it happened in the Soviet times. If the current trend persists, some experts expect a two-digit economic collapse this year. 
2526	9	Russia prepared
2526	11	That moment has not yet arrived. The Kremlin acknowledges the problems and expresses optimism: - Of course, the economy of Russia feels a strong pressure, a strong blow, but there is a potential of resistance, there are plans, it is energically opposed to it. The economy is not breaking down, President Vladimir Putin's spokesman Dmitry Pieskov said on Wednesday in Moscow. The Kremlin is convinced that the situation in the market will be calming soon.
2526	13	At least since the annexation of Crimea in 2014, Russia has adjusted to the economic sanctions imposed by the West. There was an euphemic term for this. Instead of ‘sanctions’, Russian media prefer to talk about ‘new economic reality’. But now the pressure is much stronger. The new is the creation of a crisis center under the leadership of Prime Minister Mikhail Miszustin, who tries to control the situation.
2526	15	The ban on flights to Russian aircraft is a very strong blow to the Russian air force. Tourist companies also report a 70 percent decrease in the number of reservations. The Russians who are able to get to the flooded beach must have a lot of cash.The reason is the exclusion of some Russian banks from the SWIFT payment system. For example, three hospitals in Thailand are currently serving Russian patients only in cash. And when it comes to a flight home, it will not be so obvious now either.
2526	17	According to expectations, the Russian central bank reacted to the collapse of the ruble and doubled the basic interest rate to 20 percent to counter devaluation and inflation spirals. However, the central bank itself is also under unprecedented pressure and seems surprised by the West’s decision to actually freeze two-thirds of its reserves. According to Reuters, the bank’s chairman, Elwira Nabiullina, said in a video for employees that it was counted on a milder scenario.
2526	19	The most affected middle class
2526	21	"The most concerned of the crisis is the middle class - writes the business newspaper ""Wiedomosti"". In some Moscow restaurants there are currently about 60 percent fewer guests. But the sanctions are felt by all citizens, not just the middle class. So far, the Russians have seen the sanctions as a kind of “punishment for the elite.”"
2526	23	“Now it comes to us that everyone is losing it,” the newspaper quotes one of the psychologists. Sergey Utkin, a famous Moscow economist, warns in the “Kommersant” newspaper against “gigant economic losses and the destruction of the lifestyles of all social classes.” All this, he says, is the result of a military campaign in Ukraine.
2526	25	It seems that few in Russia counted on sanctions in the field of sport and culture. More and more Russian teams are banned from participating in the tournaments. Sports events, such as the Champions League final in St. Petersburg, are transferred, causing millions of losses to the local hotel industry.
2526	27	Russian cinema threatened 
2526	29	Russian artists, such as well-known drillist Valery Gergiev, the supporter of President Putin, are losing their commitment to the West. However, one industry has been affected - cinema. When a new version of the Hollywood film “Batman” comes to the cinema worldwide on Thursday, the Russians will not see it for the first time in decades.
2526	31	It is one of the three most important premiere of this year. As a result, cinema operators expect to lose up to 70 percent of their revenue. One time, more than three-quarters of their revenue was earned from Western films. If the situation does not improve by May, experts expect a mass closure of the cinemas in Russia.
2529	3	The speculation about the end of the operational capabilities of the Russian special services should be considered at least exaggerated. Despite the ongoing war between them, chaos, their demoralization and criminalization continue to be an active player in the modern intelligence world.
2529	5	The information that appeared in the media sphere, saying that by Vladimir Putin's decision of 11 May 2022 the GRU took over the main tasks in the intelligence operations in the ongoing Russian-Ukrainian war caused a series of speculations regarding the shift of the gravity vector in the Russian military intelligence services. The proof of this was the entrust of the Deputy Chief of the GRU to General Vladimir Aleksieyev to coordinate the intelligence of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Thus, the FSB interview (also known as the Fifth Service), directed by General Sergey Beeseda (accused of conducting misanalysis before the war began, the result of which was the collapse of the Russian blitz circle), was removed to the side track.
2529	7	"The operational management of the new blitzcircle organization was entrusted to the so-called The Syrians (as the veterans of the operations in Syria are defined) General Aleksandr Dwornikov, Aleksandr Žurawlev and the previously mentioned Aleksieyev. In contrast, in the opinions of Andrey Soldatowa (the creator of the portal Agentura.ru) posted in an interview for the portal Bgsniper and Professor Mark Galeotti in the newspaper ""Spektator"", GRU due to the ongoing armed conflict is a structure that should engage in a tactical and strategic interview to help the Russian troops conduct this war. In the light of this, it has become obvious that the military interview in the present circumstances is on the first place. This is war. There is little space for reversal actions and on the fountain-based influence operations, in which the Fifth Service is specialized, and its officials are mainly political operators interfering in political processes in the territory of the countries of the former Soviet Union and so-called close abroad. Vladimir Kwaczkow, the former general of the Russian Special Forces, also said that ""the most important thing is that at least among the military all now understand that it will be a long, conventional war, and not a small military operation that they said it would be."" As he added, “this is why some changes have been made in the structure of the one who leads the troops on the battlefield,” and “GRU is primarily responsible for collecting intelligence information for the soldiers.”"
2529	9	"As for the FSB, it should be assumed that special tasks are now attributed to its Third Directorate, that is, the Department of Military Controintelligence (Ros. The department of Bôenny Contro-Revelation - DWKR), supervised by the first deputy director of the FSB Sergey Korolyev, and led by General Nikolai Petrovich Juryev and his deputy, General Rashit Alimov. The DWKR has a series of secret co-workers in the army and there are norms concerning the ""placement in the counterintelligence support facility"" of a certain number of such co-workers of the military counterintelligence in the military units. Controintendent Enforcement (KRO) These include the mandatory presence of a resident (delegated or infiltrated employee or valuable source), agents (recruited sources) and trusted operational contacts (information sharing, formally unrecruited). For this reason, he has and is a distributor of sensitive knowledge about the actual number of losses among Russian soldiers, the dominant mood in their rows and the lack of equipment and supplies."
2529	11	"The FSB has decided to transfer control over operational and tactical operations. The Syrian government, however, negotiated control over all the occupied territories and approved the head of the presidential administration, Sergei Kirijenki, as a specific supervisor of these territories. This became another cause of a long-lasting war in the Russian service. According to the Ukrainian portals Apostrophe.ua and Ghall.com.ua, Azovstal will be transferred to the administration associated with the FSB Ramzan Kadyrov. On May 16, in Mariupol, representatives of Kadyrov (Adam Delimchanov and Magomed Daudov) at a meeting with the State Duma member Dmitry Sablina (associated with the GRU) and the head of the ""Dutch People's Republic"" Denis Puszlin informed that the FR authorities subordinated the hut to his people and Sergey Aksen, the president of the ""Crimean Republic"" (in the previous ""invitation"" he was linked to OPG Salem, one of the most active criminal groups in Crimea, in which he was known under the pseudonym Goblin and from whom he was pleased to appeal to the photo of the deputy Janus Korwinke - Mikke during his visit to Crimea)."
2529	13	At the same time, in Cherson, there was a conflict between the FSB and the GRU about the goods occupied there: grains, agricultural machines and transport equipment, which resulted in a little bit of sharp efforts. For this reason, according to the Ukrainian portal Korabelov.info and Obozrevatel.com, referring to the intelligence data), the recent appeal to Putin by Kirill Stremousov - the head of the cooperation council of Chersonia - with a request for the recognition of the Chersonian region as the subject of the Russian Federation without the conduct of a referendum and the creation of the Chersonian People's Republic, can be considered an initiative. Syrians from GRU. Therefore, on the territories occupied by the Russians, both of these services call competing representations of local collaborators. An example of this can be the city of Melitpol. The FSB appointed Galin Danilchenko to the head of the civil-military administration, and the GRU appointed the same position as his man, Vladimir Rogowa.
2529	15	The main difference between the so-called The Syrians and the FSB and the Allied SWR (as a common source in the KGB) on the war with Ukraine is not so much on the issues of the detailed methods of its conduct, but on strategic purposes. Tandem FSB-SWR is inclined to stop on what has already been achieved and is uncertain whether it now absolutely needs to take over the regions of Noel and Odessa, is ready to postpone this issue for a few years. by TW. The Syrians, on the contrary, believe that at this moment it is necessary to occupy the whole of Ukraine and Moldova, and thus to close the topic once and for ever.
2529	17	"There is also an intense media war. Igor Girkin, ps. It was a shooter. Special forces of the FSB (in many Polish media mistakenly presented as the former officer of the GRU or the KGB), the veteran of the First War in Donbass and the organizer of the ""Dutch People's Republic"" combat units, openly criticizes the deployment of the Russian army and the Minister of Shoigu himself in Ukraine. He even calls for the removal of the people responsible for bringing the Russians ""to the edge of a military disaster"" from the surroundings of Putin, and who may even contribute to a ""hateful and humiliating"" peace. Also General Vladimir Shamanov, former commander of the WDW in the years 2009-2016, called the ""reper of Chechnya"" (accused among others. by the organization Human Rights Watch on committing war crimes during the Second Czech War, and according to the Russian media, m.in putinism.wordpress.com, closely linked to the controlled by the FSB dominant criminal corporation OPG ""Solncevo""), publicly claims that the implementation of the so-called Special military operation in the present form has no chance of achieving the planned results."
2529	19	Demolka Kad
2529	21	"The information presented above is merely a didascalia to the real problems and challenges faced by the Russian special services (will be remembered that in the Russian semantic there is a lack of the concept of ""special services""; it is called the state security apparatus). The past years have even been a range of image disasters, especially with regard to the GRU – a failed attempt to poison Skripal (2016), a failure to attempt a coup in Montenegro (2016), the hearing of the World Anti-Doping Agency in Switzerland (2016-2017), the launch of the Vrbetice ammunition unit in the Czech Republic (2014), and then the identification of the participants in these operations, among others. General Andrey Awieryanova, commander of the unit 29155 GRU, which should be considered a proof of the special lack of professionalization of this service. In addition, they appeared in the space of the media photo of 2017 of his daughter’s wedding, where he appears along with the plk. Anatolij Czepiga, one of the two GRU officers accused in the UK of attempting to poison Skripal and of participating in other operations in which they used ""not suspicious"" Tadjikistan and Maldives passports. It can basically be assumed that the only effective GRU operation in recent years was - described already on InfoSecurity24.pl - successful theft of 3 billion. Euro from Wirecard, a standard German fin-tech company, and leading it to the fall. Furthermore, if we investigate the expulsion of Russian diplomats suspected of spy activities over the past years, the vast majority of them were GRU officials."
2529	23	Not too good about the situation of the Russian special services is also the publication by the portal Dossier Center of the report on the structure and personal data of the FSB management.
2529	25	"The dismantling of the Russian services was the recent expulsion of about 400 Russian diplomats and ambassador workers, a large part of whom conducted activities beyond the scope of diplomatic status. Only Malta, Cyprus and Hungary have not decided to take this step. It also comes the question – what Patrick Wintour at The Guardian pointed out – “why 290 Russian diplomats will continue to operate in neutral Austria, even after the U.S. has extradited four diplomats after days of waves.” For comparison, Austria has about 30 diplomats operating in Moscow. Many of them have been recognized as ""persona non grata"", which means they are suspected of being ""secretaries working under diplomatic coverage."" Their removal significantly weakened the operational capabilities of the Russian intelligence. It is also that Russia has recently ordered 174,000. new diplomatic passports. With that, as noted by the Guardian quoted former MI6 chief John Sawers, ""West records only 10 percent. Russian intelligence activity.”"
2529	27	Another strike came from the Ukrainian side. 15 March br. The list of 620 Russians, allegedly FSB officials, has been posted on the MON Ukraine pages. Most entries include names, date of birth and passport numbers. The addresses of their residence are also mentioned. Some entries include subscriber ID module (SIM) card numbers, as well as vehicle registration numbers. On 21 March, the Ukrainian site rettar.net revealed the data of 22 officers of the Operational Information Department of the Fifth Service, including photos, addresses of residence, telephones, registrations and car brands they used. This may mean the lack of effective counterintelligence defence of officials and their families, for which the Directorate of Internal Security of the FSB (Deventh Directorate) is responsible, led by General Alexey Wiertjaskin, belonging to the group of closest trusted Sergey Korolyev, the first deputy director of the FSB. This is due to the impossibility of the Russian services to use the OPSEC method. This is due to the refusal of Russian soldiers to use encrypting programs, the lack of security against telephone listening, the lack of attention to the sharing of photos and background items and statements on social networks containing unclean and sensitive information. This is the case with the flight of the former President of the Russian Federation. Sustainable Development Anatoly Cubeis, who probably has extensive knowledge about many sensitive internal affairs FR.
2529	29	"Among some of the officers in the Russian security apparatus there was even a feeling of a kind of breakdown. Some of them – as says Christo Grozew, the creator of the international investigation portal Bellingcat – were looking for opportunities to export their families from Russia and exchange the collected money (in many cases from corruption) to dollars and euros, and transfer them abroad. They know that the current situation may soon get out of control. They represent that part of the security forces that know the dangers for the regime and are now preparing their own future. Generation issues are also important. Russia is governed by old cheques, for example, the average age in the Security Council FR is 65 years and most of them are people covered by the ""Versal syndrome"", having their genesis in the fall of the Soviet Empire and burning demands of revenge."
2529	31	Ready for sanctions
2529	33	The previously described situation could lead to the wrong conclusion that the Russian services, as a result of mutual conflicts and chaos, have lost their ability to act effectively. However, it seems that they are still fulfilling their tasks.
2529	35	"Despite the imposed sanctions, the Russian currency, after an instant breakdown, returned to its value. The separation of Russia from the SWIFT system was to be a specific economic nuclear weapon, the Russians were very well prepared for this step and played a significant role in this service. A few weeks before the invasion, they appeared in the army-related media there (i.e. in the ""War-Industrial Courier"") publications on this topic, in which it was written about alternative systems of financial flows. This means that in the ongoing war the dominant unit in the FSB becomes the Service of Economic Security (Fourth Service), managed by General Sergey Alpatowa, and in particular its Department of Confirmation of Credit and Financial System Support (Department K), managed by General Ivan Tkacev. The position of this unit is demonstrated by the fact that both the director of the FSB General Bortnikov and his first deputy General Korolyev come from the Department of K. The Fourth Service, in addition to its main task which is the counterintelligence of the Central Bank FR, controls primarily any financial transfers, through which it has become the main tool of Putin, which allows him to control the richest and most powerful people in the country. The agenura.ru portal quotes the statement of one of the former officials: ""SEB is basically enough material to lock any big company and lock from the management whom you want."""
2529	37	"For many years, the Russians have dominated the money laundering and transfer market, using for this purpose, in addition to the tax paradises, whose main source of income is the offshore companies that operate there, the ""dirty"" banking systems in Europe. An example of this can be the Vanagels Network, described in the media network of several thousand companies registered between 2000 and 2012. in the United Kingdom, Ireland, the United States, Panama, New Zealand. She shared bank accounts that formed a specific network of ""financial highways"" allowing $12 billion to be transferred and washed out. The said network and a number of similar networks were created and supervised by SEB FSB. Confirming this thesis can be pplk cut. Anatoly Jermolin, the veteran of the Vympel unit, who published his time text ""Why did they clean up the military interview?"". in newtimes.ru, where he stated that the main reason for the efforts to marginalize the GRU was to be ""the process of money laundering in Russia and transferring them through offshore companies abroad, and the GRU had the ability to control and monitor this process, thus making it a threat as unrelated to the KGB-FSB-SWR corporation.""  "
2529	39	"This shows that these networks play a special role in Russia’s financial operations aimed at eliminating the effects of economic sanctions on it and in the mass sale of stealing natural raw materials and grain from Ukraine. Simultaneously installed in these economic premises and financial institutions ""acts"" may continue to conduct intelligence activities. Sergey Tretjakov, the KGB officer, and after 1991 the SWR, who collaborated with the CIA, repeatedly mentioned the so-called method. The “business advertising” consists in the use of business institutions to acquire an agency by turning people out of the business in a variety of not completely transparent financial relationships. Furthermore, one of the hypotheses concerning a series of mysterious deaths among Russian businessmen related to the fuel and financial sector, which took place recently, says that it could be scary-disciplinating actions against those who could potentially reveal the knowledge of Russian unclear financial transactions or have committed fraud."
2529	41	Ibero-American bonds
2529	43	No modern intelligence services are able to perform their tasks effectively without using outsourcing. The Russians have long understood this, so they have created a huge network of conscious and unconscious assets, among others. Ibero-American decision-making centers. The Portuguese journalist Joao Lemos Esteves describes this as the Russian Iberic strategy. This is not just the so-called countries. The Caribbean triangle, which is Venezuela, Cuba and Nicaragua, is closely politically and militarily connected to Moscow. The modern ability of Russia to influence Ibero-America and the Caribbean, as noted by Evan Ellis from the Institute of Global Americans, is the derivative of several interdependent phenomena:
2529	45	- the attitudes of the anti-American governments that want to cooperate with Russia;
2529	47	supporting the role of Chinese money;
2529	49	military and other connections of the former Soviet Union with this region from the time of the Cold War;
2529	51	- Russian activities and investments offering a certain value to the region in key industries, such as military, nuclear, space and oil, as well as agricultural purchases;
2529	53	The ability of Russia to conduct an information war.
2529	55	Putin has implemented effective soft power in Latin America since the beginning of the 21st century, which has now given Russia the opportunity to be an active player on this continent. In 2018, Colombia, Mexico and Brazil passed political changes, the result of which was creating opportunities for partnership for Russia and weakening ties with the United States. Russian companies have invested in the oil and gas sectors in Bolivia, Mexico and Venezuela and have strengthened their relations with the largest economic potential in the country, Brazil. At the same time, there was a slow generation exchange in those military circles, traditionally oriented to the United States, to a generation with an anti-American attitude. For this reason, it should be assumed that there has also been an establishment of Russia’s relations with those intelligence agencies, which is likely to result in the fact that they are carrying out a number of operations on its behalf, as well as the use of those financial institutions to transfer Russian money. This all enabled some extent to eliminate the effects of the expulsion of more than 400 Russian diplomats.
2529	57	Theatre of War Activities
2529	59	"While in the present situation the main task for the GRU in the ongoing war is to focus on its military aspect (in contrast to the optimistic narration the Russian troops are moving into the depths of Ukraine), then for the SWR and FSB the weight vector is now moved not so much to obtain information as to create them using the so-called. the active means. According to Jurija Biezmienova, a former KGB intelligence officer who arrived in Canada in the 1970s, classical spy in the work of the Russian intelligence involves only 10-15 percent. Strengths and resources, and the remaining 85-90 percent. Creating information and gaining influence. This means that a new theater of war activities is created, which is the human mind, which is in line with the Russian doctrine of ""war of the new generation"", and its creators - S. Chekinov and Si. Bogdanov - they note that ""information and psychological war will largely put the valleys under victory,"" which serves to actively exploit ""the protest potential of the fifth column to destabilize the situation."" The Russians also started research on the implementation of the ""cognitive war"" theory, also called ""cognitive"", which aims to change not only what people think, but also how they work. Francois du Cluzel, project manager at the NATO Innovation Center ACT (Alliance Command for Innovation). “It’s not just a fight against what we think, but rather a fight against what we think.” Moreover, “this is not just another concept, another name of the information war,” but “this is a war with our individual processor, with our brain.”“The third important dimension of the contemporary theatre of war activities is that the physical and information dimension is added to the cognitive dimension.” So, when the kinetic forces are unable to defeat the opponent, then psychology and related behavioral studies will play a key role. The concept of ""new generation war"" is not based on weapons, but on influences. The long-term victory will only depend on the ability to influence and change the opponent’s cognitive sphere. The direct executives of these activities will be special services."
2529	61	The strategic objectives of the SWR/FSB as part of the ongoing influence operation are to undermine the importance of economic sanctions by launching the thesis that their social and economic costs in the form of inflation and the ongoing path affect mainly Europeans. Thus, further military support to Ukraine will lead to the spread of the conflict beyond its borders, and Ukrainian refugees will lead to the destabilization of the countries in which they reside. Given the Russian influences in France, Germany, Italy, Austria and Hungary and their attitude towards the Russian-Ukrainian war, these tasks are implemented. The last presidential elections in France showed that there were three de facto pro-Russian candidates: the extremely pro-Russian admirator of Putin - E. Zemmour, the central - M. Le Pen and the moderate - E. Macron. In Germany, the policy of close political and economic relations with Russia is dominated not only in openly pro-Russian and even agentural groups, such as DieLinke or AfD, but in the main nursing parties - CDU/CSU and SPD. This may be demonstrated by the actual refusal to support the military of Ukraine and independence from Russian energy sources. There are more than 4 million Russian-speaking citizens living in Germany, many of them also have Russian passports. A significant percentage of the Russians live temporarily or permanently in Germany, but they don’t end up leaving Russia,ining Russian citizenship and doing business. In Italy, the pro-Russian attitude is represented by three of the main Italian political parties: the Movement of the Five Stars, the League and the Forza Italia (the party of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi).
2529	63	For the European public opinion, the Russian influence agency presents the thesis that NATO countries are responsible for the ongoing war, resulting in the ongoing inflation, increased risk of nuclear confrontation and uncontrolled flow of migrants. The French website RT, for example, that five African countries are threatened with hunger due to Western sanctions against Russia, and in fact the Russian Navy blocks Ukrainian ports, suspending the exports of 25 million tons of grain and causing a sharp rise in prices. Considering the Russian engineering forced migration as one of the methods of geopolitical techniques used by its services, the threat of the next wave of different culturally migrants is very real. In the German Pacific communities, there are increasing numbers of warnings about the possibility of nuclear weapons in Ukraine. A significant number of people in European countries also believe that NATO is at least part of the fault for this war. Campaigns are also being conducted to trigger disobedience to Ukrainian refugees by showing them as an economic and criminal threat.
2529	65	"There are also – also on the ground – the so-called theses. The offensive realism represented by John Mearsheimer, claiming that Putin’s aggression against Ukraine is caused by the intervention of the West, and the United States, seeking to extend NATO to the east and establishing friendly relations with Ukraine, has even forced Putin to military action. According to him, ""Ukraine is not a vital strategic interest for the West,"" and ""it is a vital strategic interest for the Russians."" In the name of that “realism” the war should be terminated as soon as possible at the expense of the territory of Ukraine against Russia."
2529	67	"Paraphoring Mark Twain's statement (""the news of my death was exaggerated""), the recent appearance of various speculations about the end of the operational capacity of the Russian special services should be considered at least exaggerated. Despite the ongoing war between them, chaos, their demoralization and criminalization continue to be an active player in the modern intelligence world."
253	1	Sylvia Spurek: What makes us exploited milk cows?
253	3	It is time to answer the question of whether we have the right to kill and exploit animals, EU member Sylvia Spurek said.
253	5	Former Deputy Ombudsman for Civil Rights said in an interview with Interia that “there is a need for a party that will initially address the issue of climate disaster and uncompromising the rights of animals.” “Without veganism, such a perspective will not be possible,” she said.
253	7	 I entered politics to change the world, effectively protect both human rights, and the environment, and the rights of animals. I will not do this without expanding the boundaries of the debate. To change the system, you have to ask difficult and sometimes provocative questions. Meat tax is just part of my program. I propose to ban the advertising of reflective products because I want people to make conscious choices in the end. “I propose zero VAT on vegan products because I want everyone, regardless of income, to have the right to ethical and healthy food,” she said.
253	9	 According to Spurek, “the changes are taking place too slowly to solve environmental problems, save lives, and end the era of animal exploitation.” “We need to systematically accelerate them,” she appealed, noting that “this is not people who are guilty, but a system that does not allow conscious decisions to be made.” Now people eat meat, drink milk because these products are massive and cheap. They don’t know the health consequences, they don’t know the alternatives. And the current price of meat is not true – she explained, explaining that “it comes from the supplements, from our taxes, to farming, production, advertising.” It does not take into account the environmental and health costs of meat production and consumption and the costs of reducing the effects of the climate disaster.
253	11	 We have to lead to a situation where what is healthy is available to everyone and everyone, and what is harmful to people and the planet is ceasing to be available - called the politician, who came to the European Parliament in 2019 from the Spring List of Robert Biedronia. She stressed that she is against “the use of animals for anything: sports, entertainment, research and testing.” In sports, there is no connection and no connection. Here is the operation - he assessed.
253	13	 The question is: what makes us allowed to exploit milk cows? What causes us to kill your child? It was once believed that you could kill a child or beat a wife, said Sylvia Spurek. “In 2015, I was a vegetarian and had no reflection on the use of animals in the production of milk. I started thinking, she said.
2531	1	President: We will not impose sanctions on Russia. A comedian governs Ukraine
2531	3	The world is reacting sharply to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. However, there are no different votes as the President of Brazil. Jair Bolsonaro said Brazil would not stand on any side. As he added, he does not believe that Vladimir Putin's goal was bloodshed.
2531	5	Bolsonaro left the official position of the Brazilian government in the United Nations and refused to condemn the Russian invasion of Ukraine, led by Vladimir Putin.
2531	7	President of Brazil visits Moscow
2531	9	Shortly before the Russian invasion, the President of Brazil visited Moscow and talked long with Putin. He said he was solidary with Russia, which caused the turmoil of the world leaders.
2531	11	"On Sunday, Bolsonaro announced that Brazil will remain neutral, and ""Russia and Ukraine are brother nations. And a large portion of the Ukrainian population speaks Russian,"" the right-wing populist said."
2531	13	“We will not talk to any of the sides. We will help in everything possible,” Bolsonaro said.
2531	15	No sanctions against Russia
2531	17	Jair Bolsonaro said he did not intend to condemn Putin, but he must first see the report and evaluate the whole situation.
2531	19	The President of Brazil said he is against any sanctions against Russia that could have a negative impact on Brazil’s economy. Russia, among other things, sells fertilizers to Brazil.
2531	21	As he said, he does not think that Putin's forces would make a mass bloodshed in Ukraine. “A leader like Putin doesn’t want to make massacres anywhere,” he said.
2531	23	"Bolsonaro also referred to the President of Ukraine, Vladimir Zelensky, saying that Ukraine ""has put hope to its people in the hands of a comic."""
2532	1	Orbán wants to torpedo EU sanctions. He managed to protect the Russian party.
2532	3	Hungarians have attempted to block the sixth EU sanctions against Russia. Viktor Orbán did not want them to embrace the Moscow Patriarch of Orthodox Cyril. But it was just a pretext. In fact, the Hungarian Prime Minister plays a much higher rate.
2532	5	Veto with delayed inflammation, but ineffective. This can be called the solution to which Viktor Orbán has put in negotiations another package of sanctions against Russia. On Tuesday, it seemed that everything was fixed, and the EU leaders announced the negotiation success. Among the enthusiasts was Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki. Immediately after the principles of the political agreement were reached, he praised that he persuaded the Uzbek Group partners – including Hungary – to accept a partial embargo on the oil imported from the Union. It will apply to raw materials that enter the EU by sea (the two-thirds of the total imports according to Brussels).
2532	7	"Hungarians are physically unable to bring it directly in this way. Similarly, as a little less skeptical to the EU embargo, the Slovaks take the raw material through the southern thread of the ""Friendship"" train. It could be the impression that Viktor Orbán’s team got what it was talking about – a further access to Russian oil. The further discussion seemed meaningless. In the following days, the ambassadors of the Member States to the EU had only to obtain the technical details of the package."
2532	9	Orbán rescues Cyril, oil embargo will enter into force
2532	11	"It happened differently. The Hungarians decided to raise the rate and put on the absurd argument at first glance. In the final discussion of the sanctions, Budapest stated that they should not affect the Patriarch Cyril, the chief of the Russian church. Finally, the diplomats, who have made the details of the sanctions, have decided to dedicate this point to the name of the more important matter. Hungary has managed to protect Cyril, but the embargo on Russian oil – at least that supplied by the sea – will enter into force. For this, Poland and Germany will voluntarily break with the raw material of this origin flowing the northern niche of the ""Friendship"" train."
2532	13	However, such a move in Budapest should not surprise the people who follow the relations of the Hungarian government with the Moscow Orthodox Church. They are very good, and this despite the clear spiritual support for the invasion of Ukraine.
2532	15	Patriarch Cyril dreams of joint Russia
2532	17	Already at the beginning of the war the patriarch suggested that both nations should pursue the “unity of Holy Russia” in which the Ukrainians and the Russians form one nation. Thus Cyril responded to the words condemning Putin's Russian action of the Ukrainian metropolitan Onufrego. Then the Moscow priest spoke of the aggression against the western neighbor as a “defense war.” At the beginning of May, he said in turn that Russia has never attacked anyone in its history, and all its military actions have always been a defense. The war in Ukraine was presented in the categories of the more moral struggle of Russia with the destroyed consumptionism of the West.
2532	19	The Cyril calls on the Orthodox Russians to unite around the historic center of the Universe – the grotto of Moscow, because it is not easy everything to be arranged for the homeland and in unity there is strength. Then only, as he says, Russia will be unbeatable when we will look for inspiration in the great examples of our peoples,” Masha Makarov wrote on OKO.press.
2532	21	“In the Russian church tradition, the alliance of the throne and the altar has a long history, reaching at least the 15th century.Reacted in 1943 the Patriarchate of Moscow was fully controlled by the Russian services, and the close contacts of the church hierarchs and the Soviet authorities of Russia are one of the key elements of the legitimation of Vladimir Putin’s regime,” the analysts of the Institute of Central Europe estimate.
2532	23	Orbán defends “Christian values”
2532	25	The Russian priest with special sympathy addresses two politicians – Vladimir Putin and Viktor Orbán. He greeted the victories in the last parliamentary election.
2532	27	“The Lord is one of the few European politicians who pay a lot of attention to the promotion of Christian values, the strengthening of the traditional family institutions and the standards of public morality,” he wrote to the head of the Catholic government of Hungary.
2532	29	The defense of Cyril from the EU sanctions can therefore be seen as a positive response to these words. The Hungarians themselves believe that in opposition to the restrictions for the priest, they defend... the freedom of religion guaranteed in the Union. Per in the failed attempt to cross the plans of the rest of the Member States, however, it was something completely different.
2532	31	Cyril is less important, the game runs more.
2532	33	The position of Budapest in the Community should be taken into account in the assessment of Hungary’s activities. Orbán – like Kaczynski and Morawiecki – would like to go under the current of EU values, while at the same time continue to earn from Brussels subsidies.
2532	35	At the same time, Budapest has no many contradictions to Brussels’ accusations – and they talk about the crisis of the rule of law or the freedom of the media in the political system dominated by Fidesz. In this case, the last tender card is a veto against EU decisions. This time the Hungarians are using it in the game for the Hungarian KPO, says Andrzej Sadecki from the Center for Eastern Studies.
2532	37	“These funds are frozen every year. Neither Orbán nor the representatives of his government are saying that these issues are connected.
2532	39	Among the lines, however, it can be read that by blocking the sixth package of sanctions, Orbán and Hungary wanted to get some of the funds from the EU Restoration Fund,” said OKO.press.
2532	41	Hungarians are dependent on Russia, but they do not have to
2532	43	At the same time, Orbán continued to torpedo the oil embargo plans. In the current form, this sanctions point does not affect Budapest, but Ursula von der Leyen has promised that it will seek a complete withdrawal from Russian oil throughout the Union. The Hungarian obstruction could distract us from the discussion on this issue. Budapest does not want to bear the cost of independence from Russian raw materials, although Sadecki believes it would be by the Hungarians to be kidnapped.
2532	45	The fact that Orbán is exaggerating, is also heard from Hungarian commentators. This is the opinion of the former management of the state fuel group MOL. According to Attila Holoda, former director of Ds. Research and Production and László Miklós, former Director of Ds. Corporate relations, it would be enough to work on the capabilities of the Adriatic train. It is an installation that supplies raw materials from the petrol port in Croatia through the Balkans among others to Hungary.
2532	47	The Adriatic Railway can reach 11 to 12 million tons of oil per year. After the expansion of the pipeline, which mainly means the exchange of pumps, and not the installation of new pipes, this value may rise to 15 million,” MOL’s directors wrote in a media analysis. According to them, the raw material from other directions than the Russian is already processed by the Hungarian giant refineries. Therefore, the warehouses in Slovak Bratislava and Hungarian Százhalombatta will be well prepared for the entire transition to raw materials from other directions.
2532	49	Russia is an incredible partner – even for Orbán
2532	51	The question remains open about whether and when Budapest will break with the dependence on Russian raw materials. Even if Hungary will completely withdraw from Russian oil imports, a long-term contract with Gazprom remains in force. The agreement signed last year with a Kremlin-dependent company is in force for 15 years.
2532	53	“For Orbán sooner or later, however, it will happen that his pro-Russian policy is short-term,” says Andrzej Sadecki from the OSW. As he argues, the Putin regime, exhausted by the sanctions, will begin to lack money and resources to complete the projects implemented together with the Hungarian government. For example, the nuclear power plant of Paks could be destroyed.
2532	55	“I assume that the Orbán government will gradually try to restrict cooperation with Russia. But at this point, he wants to get as much funds as possible from the Union as part of a compensation for the breakdown of these economic relations. Energy prices have been quite low in Hungary for years. This is a fact that is often used in political games on the side of Fides. The party must keep credibility in the eyes of its voters,” Sadecki said.
2532	57	Therefore, it can be assumed that Orbán will try to shake the European policy until it receives the first transfer from the Recovery Fund. Then he will be able to present himself to Fides' supporters as an important player in Europe whose bold movements will benefit.
2533	1	Volsky: For the Russians, the use of caset bombs is like the outlet for the bullet
2533	3	The war in Ukraine continues. Two weeks have passed since Russia attacked our eastern neighbor. A lot has happened in Europe and in the world. In both political, economic and military contexts. The number of topics that can be taken in the context of this conflict is enormous. For this purpose, we talked with one of the most valued experts in our field. It is Jarosław Wolski, a war analyst who works with domestic and foreign entities. In addition, the author of several hundred publications and analyses in the field of military technique, whose opinions were recently heard on the channel “Historia Realna” of Piotr Zychovic, the recent guest of Hejt Park. We invite you to read.
2533	5	In the following conversation we took the topics such as: the assessment of the actions of the Russian armies in Ukraine, the specificity of the Russian and Ukrainian armies, the movements undertaken by the NATO, the revolts in the world of politics, the possibility of defeating Poland by Russia, the threat of a nuclear conflict, the state of the Polish armies, the sanctions imposed by the European Union on Russia, the different faces of conventional war, the importance of the information war, the errors of Putin, the figure of President Zelensky, the possible scenarios for the future.
2533	7	What will surprise you in this war?
2533	9	Russian aggression. The Russians doctrinally believe that the army needs to be developed mobilizing and operational. Mobilization – the reservoirs are called, the reservoirs come to the point where the equipment is accepted, and then you have to move the unit from them. It is often needed to be trained. It takes a lot of time. Mobilization is a demanding process for the state. Only the Russians have mobilized four brigades. And they are able to mobilize up to 20 divisions in a half year. It is enormous strength. I am surprised that the mobilization was so nick.
2533	11	The Russians attacked the Ukrainians with absurdly small forces. It is about two hundred thousand soldiers, while the Ukrainians had more than 200 thousand before the war exploded. This is the denial of Russian art. The Russians should have a two or three-fold advantage. 400 or 600 thousand soldiers were to be mobilized. Let’s remember that the full scale is about 1.5 million. But they did not.
2533	13	The first sign that this conflict is inevitable occurred in October 2021. To various analytical agencies came information that it is necessary to look very carefully at the Russians on their hands. Serious companies working for the government that the conflict would explode around February 2022. Everyone looked at it with unbelief. Later there were further warnings – the dislocation of troops, staff, the development of field hospitals... Part of the Russian troops from the far east and central district was shifted to Belarus, where it was performing exercises. Civil analysts had already been sure in December that this aggression would occur. The military said it was impossible to attack the Ukrainians with such small forces. That was the official position. The Americans and the British were alerted. They were the only ones who warned that there would be an aggression.
2533	15	I am surprised by the direction of the attack on Kiev. I’m not ashamed to say I’m wrong. I thought that the forces that the Russians have will allow them to build a corridor from the Crimea to the Donbass and to dissolve a part of the Backland. I have rejected the vision that this is enough to conquer Kiev and the whole of Ukraine. It turned out, however, that the absolutely worst forces of the Russians want to do so. These are the units with the worst equipment, connectivity, training. I'm sorry for the expression, but the Russians wanted to capture Kyiv with military pride.
2533	17	And here we come to the question that something in the plans of the Russians went very wrong. Or they wanted to make a decapitation, or a conversion. This was stopped by the Ukrainian security agencies. The Russians predicted they could kill President Zelensky. That some officers will be killed, that the head of the army will be cut off. And that then you will be able to make a desant to the airport under Kiev, panic and effectively get the units from Belarus. The Russians could want to repeat the situation that happened in Crimea. Nothing of these things has happened. The Ukrainians are very well defended.
2533	19	"Do you support the thesis that the attempt to conquer Kiev was a plan drawn a circle on the map? This is what you said during a conversation with Peter Zychovich on the ""Historia Realna"" channel."
2533	21	I had that impression. But I also had the opportunity to talk to people who know the art of the war of the Russians. They told me, “Jarek, you’re wrong.” This operation was also prepared earlier. Just that the same people told me that they did not expect the Russians to throw the weakest forces on Kiev. In addition to one Battalion of Specnaz, which tried to land at the Hostomel airport and was destroyed. The Russians did not appreciate the Ukrainians. They expected that the army would break down when it managed to eliminate the president and the general staff. The Russians showed a complete amateur in the attack on Kiev.
2533	23	Should it not be that the Russians in this war show themselves a colossal on the glinated legs? Do you have the impression that they are stronger than they are?
2533	25	The Russians have overestimated their possibilities. But I would be cautious with the statement of a colossal on the glinated legs. It is an army that is prepared for a particular way of fighting. Under the sign of mobilization, development during battle, use of numerical advantage and use of full spectrum in battle from the very beginning, missing nuclear weapons. According to some logic of action, it is the army that brings success.
2533	27	In this case, we see that many things have gone wrong. The question is whether someone was crazy, whether we are dealing with some sabotage, because it really doesn’t get in mind. In the north, we see something that seems to have been prepared, but is realized fatally. This is the worst Russian military operation since the Winter War. On the other hand, we have actions on Crimea and the entrance to the back of the Ukrainian armies defending Donbass and Lugansk. There we see the army well prepared, logistics doesn’t hit, everything is in agreement. The Russians are fighting successfully, defeating a number of Ukrainian forces. There, contrary to the signs, the Ukrainian army had a lot of units. We have two different speeds.
2533	29	There is such a belief that if you want, then someone will always find an argument for the assessment of the Russian army. There will be reasons to say that it is an army that is dissolving. But also that the current operation is an accident at work and generally the Russians have a good army. We have to wait with such assessments until the end of the conflict. Of course, the situation is that the Russians have hit Ukraine. If they do not mobilize the reserve, they will not be able to win.
2533	31	Can we assume that Ukraine will defend itself and in some way defeat the victory?
2533	33	If not NATO, it would be after the war. NATO reacted to the actions of Russia much earlier – half a year before the conflict exploded – and is acting properly. This is mainly about the United States and the United Kingdom. Delivery of weapons, reserves, guaranteeing nodular satellite communication, which is very difficult to interfere and allows for quick transmission of information. Building an informational advantage, that awareness that you know more than your opponent, is crucial. In general, the Ukrainians do not take away from the Russians. They may have older tanks or worse ammunition, but they still have a lot of equipment and very generous soldiers. Well, and it seems that in the battlefield there are commanders who really have a great idea of tactics.
2533	35	The problem is that: I think the Ukrainians are able to block or weaken the Russian troops that have already entered their country to force them to return. Or to make them such losses that the Russians will no longer their operational goals. I will only point out: here we are talking about the forces that are already in Ukraine. If the Russians mobilize fresh individuals, it is unfortunately the risk that in the perspective of a long-term conflict Russia will win. He wins a war on exhaustion, his advantage will be higher. Let us remember that the Ukrainians also suffer losses, they are too tired of war.
2533	37	Putin has not announced a general mobilization. Of course, he will continue to call other reserveists, but the state that I will say so does not enter the war regime. If this happens, despite all NATO support, Ukraine will lose and there will be a strong government change in Kiev.
2533	39	It can also be a patio, a negotiation. There are rumors that Ukraine would be able to agree with the loss of Crimea, Donetsk and Lugansk in exchange for the suspension of the weapons. The question is when the Russians will mature to the fact that it will not be so bad cost to get out of this advance. It may be suspected that the Russians will try to play on the escape of the corridor from Crimea to Donetsk and Lugansk. This is very important to them. The key to the room is elsewhere. Russia and Ukraine and Western partners. Because the most important thing for Russia will be the abolition of all possible sanctions that have already devastated their economy.  It is known that from the Swift system they have not remained to the end, but this economy is as dead as possible. This man got a deadly shot, but has not yet fallen to the ground.
2533	41	Russia was prepared for sanctions, but not so large. Therefore, the question is whether even Putin, who could lose a little real contact with reality, will not go to mind and will not withdraw, seeing that Russia is bleeding from the inside. You may see that this conflict will not be fully paid when it comes to the costs for the Russians.
2533	43	War has little to do with rationality. I think people did not appreciate Putin. They didn’t imagine what he was able to do even at the expense of his own people. As for the West, Russia has read more accurately that NATO states are able to unite militarily. NATO knew what would happen, with the fact that it was absolutely not afraid of the Baltic countries and of course of Poland. They gave us what they needed for any accident. But there was no panic. The axis of the conflict was known and was not a surprising attack on our country or the Baltics. This is the result of all analysis.
2533	45	This is a matter of political unity. Please note how long the Germans delayed with the sanctions. And here we have the figure of Putin, who has done for himself two terrible things. First, he insulted the President of France. The French are very sensitive to the point of their own dignity, the national duma speaks through them. Putin has humiliated Macron during negotiations on attempts to stop Russian aggression. When they know the French, they will never forgive Putin. Just look at the strong signal that the French sent to the Germans. They shaken them, awaken them. It is also important that France has issued a message about the use of nuclear weapons. He told Putin that he was a nuclear power. Moreover, there is also a tactical weapon in the game, which can be responded to smaller nuclear attacks. That would be exchange. It would not end at one atom.
2533	47	There is another issue about nuclear weapons. Explanations for the use of such small forces by Russia may be a few more. The first, of course, is the assumption of complete decapitation and the lack of the will of the Ukrainians to defend. The second is the assumption of the use of nuclear weapons, which makes sense when sending to the battle smaller units that can cross the bombed fields. But I would not even consider such a scenario, because it would mean that the NATO reaction stopped Russia before implementing such a plan. It is pure science fiction. I have no evidence for that.
2533	49	To not be that Wolski is afraid of a nuclear disappearance, nothing of these things. Simply the number of explanations for the use of such small forces by Russia is limited. I think there are three. Or someone in Russia is a fool, or someone has supposed to surrender to the Ukrainians, or they have thought of using nuclear weapons. As a person associated with the army and the analysis, I got a red lamp in connection with the last option. There is not much to say about it and it makes sense.
2533	51	Back to the conventional side of the conflict, NATO served as an alliance. The European Union as a political block also, but Germany and Italy had to be crushed. We can say that Hungarians are the useful idiots of Putin in Europe. They cannot be defined differently.
2533	53	Many experts did not appreciate NATO’s role before the conflict began. This alliance has been undermined in Poland. There was such a mass media gathering. And they will not come, and they will not die for us and so on. This is a good business. They write books, record auditions, collect clicks. You have to make money for something. Of course, NATO may not like, but let’s remember that the Russians have a deadline for cognitive operations. They create experts who work for their benefit. This was the case in Ukraine before 2014. There were experts who said that there is no sense to fight, the Crimea is not needed and it’s better to go on orders. Why NATO, the Union... I have the impression that in Poland we had accidental votes of politicians and not only that NATO will not help us. That’s why I’m glad that as the Russian tanks were 30 kilometers away from Kiev, suddenly reason came back to everyone. It is clear that NATO is great.
2533	55	Do you think NATO is doing everything it can? There is still a lot to say about the closure of the air zone over Ukraine, but this would probably be a step too far.
2533	57	I think NATO is doing everything it allows. There is an open war with the Russians. The aid that NATO provides to the Ukrainians is unlikely. The final option before the explosion of the Third World War, and the movement that initiates it, is the flight prohibition zone over the western Ukraine to create humanitarian corridors. This is an option that would completely burial the chances of the Russians to conquer Ukraine and win the conflict. The heart says: Let’s do it, the Ukrainians will win through it. But the healthy reason suggests: no, it will end on the flying Iskander, but with the head A, that is, the atomic.
2533	59	You need to be cautious when putting such plans. NATO has the power to do something like that, without two opinions. NATO is a power. But it is a huge risk. And for us, of course, a bad way out. So nothing more on the side of NATO than what we see so far, I would not expect. The help is aimed at making Ukraine able to fight alone. At the same time, NATO is sending a signal to Russia that if it will move with its best ideas further, it will end in the flight prohibition zone. I don’t think this option is seriously considered at this time.
2533	61	I would return to the economic sanctions that you mentioned and noticed a interesting thing in this regard. They were huge and fast. This is a surprise for me. This is nuclear sanctions. The question is whether it is a Western card. Something that can be played in forcing the Russians to withdraw from Ukraine. Is this simply an action aimed at destroying the economy in Russia. For the next decade, even after the victory of the war on Ukraine, Russia would not be able to threaten anyone.
2533	63	When it comes to the possible use of nuclear weapons, is it not a bit so that Putin owes a lot to fear policies, even more than real actions? That is: he has created such a foundation that in Ukraine he can do what he loves, and NATO will not be involved in the battle, because he is afraid to check whether Putin’s threats are a blef.
2533	65	Please note that the same can be read by the declarations of France about the atomic parasol over Poland. In the spring of last year, the French proposed that the French nuclear terrorist forces in the framework of the bilateral agreement protect Poland. Our authorities ignored this idea, they treated France very ugly. This is the second time we can’t get such a proposal because we harassed the French. This is a big mistake. At that time it seemed unlogic. I was wondering what the President of France was about. After a year we see that most likely the French knew more than our own. This would probably be a sign that there is no permission for a small nuclear conflict in Europe.
2533	67	In the early days of the conflict came a message from the US and France that if Putin does what he intends to do, he will land in Hague. This is a crime against the Ukrainian population, i.e. the casting of caset bombs which by their way are not prohibited by any convention. The same goes for thermal bombs. Several countries agree to use this kind of weapons, but Russia or Ukraine have not signed under something like that.
2533	69	Returning to the issue of the atomic bomb, the message I mentioned could also concern its use by the Russians. In the West, they may have suspicions that in Russia someone holds the finger on the foot and is ready to begin a small nuclear conflict. Now, if the Lord asks me whether sending a nuclear jet to Belarus would trigger an immediate reaction of NATO, I answer: yes. I am sure of it. We would have a exchange. If the same thing had to happen in Ukraine, I would not be here anymore. I would agree with your opinion that NATO would not be willing to escalate the conflict, although I want to point out that we are moving through the sphere of assumptions. We create hypotheses that have meaning, but we have no evidence of them.
2533	70	I am asking what can be determined right now. What is the state of the Polish army in the context of any Russian attack? Of course, this vision is very unlikely, but you said recently that Poland could not stand as long as the Ukrainians. It is also often said that the Polish army should be reformed.
2533	72	First, Poland is in no way on the target of the Russians when it comes to the conventional conflict. This is a scenario on the full margins of probability. After the fall of the Soviet Union, the Russians never intended to conquer our country or even to occupy it. If you look at the opinion of a number of Russian authors on the war topic – this is a unanimous position. Even in the neo-imperialist visions based on the paradigm that it is necessary to unite the whole Orthodoxy around Russia, which ultimately wants to create a neutral government in us, to remove it from NATO, to leave it in the EU and to remove weapons. So many. This is the most bold idea of what can ever be done with Poland. The conventional aggression was not seriously considered because the Russians know they have no strength to do so. They would have to be fully mobilized to think about conquering Warsaw.
2533	74	The Polish army is weak, but it is modernizing. In my opinion, the direction of this modernization is right. It is important to note that Poland is not alone. Considering the script. “We vs Russians,” it really looks fatal. We have NATO. Since NATO helps Ukraine and did so before the war begins, it is difficult to follow the narrative that Poland would fight against the Russians alone. The disclosure of the information that the Russians are exercising attacks on Warsaw is nothing but the spread of panic and dezinformation, which is intended to weaken Polish participation in the defense structures of the alliance.
2533	76	In general, I would like to calm the people on the topic. Of course, I criticized the purchases of our army. People from the Arms Agency are shy when they see what I write about certain purchases and how to do them. This is my role as a signator. Therefore, I have hundreds of publications about the Pancer Armies, the Anti-Pancer Defense and the Artillery. In them I find out what can be done better, otherwise. But abstracing from my alarm beat, I have to say that the general direction of reforms in the armed forces of the RP is correctly stipulated. Just look at the purchase of the fifth generation fighters. Looking at the failure of the Russians in fighting the Ukrainians, the fifth-generation aircraft with the support of NATO’s situation awareness are a good direction. Finals buy these machines twice as much – 64.
2533	78	Please note that we are building the Fourth Division, which I was critical at the beginning. I thought there would be no means or people. It turns out that they are. It seems that a little patriotism is growing in society and with the personal state there will not be such a problem as a few months ago. The other thing is that we have also purchased the shells. I think Spike is a better system. But if we notice that a small number of missiles has been purchased, the Operators of the Territorial Defense Army are trained, and in addition we add the fact how many missiles the Americans have sent to Ukraine – it’s clear that someone has thought about it wisely. It has not been purchased the best equipment on the market, but the most common and most commonly used by our most important ally.
2533	80	Another issue is the territorial defence. I also criticized this project because it pulled out forces from the Land Army and the Command of the Special Army. But that was five years ago. Now, when we look at what’s going on in Ukraine, I have to swallow my head with sand and say, “No, it’s a shot in the ten.” Not because the light pedestrian with grenades and anti-tank missiles is able to stop the tank. This is a great propaganda of the Ukrainians, which has little to do with reality. Today, the Territorial Defense Army is an extremely important component of the armed forces of the RP. They must exist.
2533	82	Jacek Bartosiak said that the reform of the Polish armies must be diametral. The Polish authorities are unable to deal with the army after the macos and need more investments in this segment. In addition, it seems to me that many countries in Europe, on the basis of the war in Ukraine, have realized that it is necessary to be constantly cautious and even better prepared. The Germans probably also understood that they can’t eat Putin out of the hand and the German army needs to be properly strengthened.
2533	84	You have moved a few important issues. With regard to the vision of Messengers Bartosyak, I think that the plan of army reforms should be left to the military. I, despite the very controversial knowledge, would not dare to talk to the military as they have to do something. I can suggest something, but I have a great humility to my knowledge and ignorance at the same time. Why? None of the civilians will never have the knowledge that the generals with specific experience in the field of fighting and the knowledge acquired in the U.S. military schools. They are people who have access to unclear and strictly secret information. These are professionals. Let them work. Of course, the army can be criticized because it is not a sacred figure. But you need to be aware that any genius concept created by civilians can disappear within a few days after the conflict begins.
2533	86	When it comes to the awakening of the countries of Western Europe, this is an interesting matter. Germany has signed a programme for the modernization of the Bundeswehr since 2017. Their army was an eternal field of savings by all possible governments. They know what they want to buy, in what quantity and order. And this sudden decision of 100 billion euros, which they intend to allocate to the army in 2022, is a manna falling from heaven from the Bundeswehr perspective. Just keep in mind that this is the extra cash added as part of what they were planning to spend by 2030. “We have more money, so let’s buy this and that.”
2533	88	The Germans are very cynical, methodical and selfish. Everything was planned earlier. They realized that in the previous decade they cut their land forces too much. That’s why they stated that we need to create more units, buy more tanks, armatohaubic self-driving, fighter wagons... They generally bet on the development of heavy troops, because they believe they have the greatest survival in the battlefield.
2533	90	Germany has already decided to buy F-35 aircraft in the U.S., which are absolutely the best option on the market in the context of use for specific tasks. The rest of the money, about 80 billion, will go to the arms industry. The money will be in Germany. Germany is one of the largest manufacturers of weapons, let’s remember that.
2533	92	I think in Germany it is time for generals, not politicians. In word: German politicians will begin to listen to the generals who have long said that the Bundeswehr has to develop certain capabilities and is too small in terms of needs. I am very pleased with this because the Germans believe that the most important target for them is Poland. The economic connections between us are so strong at the moment that our presence in the orbit of the influence of the European Union is an absolute key interest for them. Therefore, we can expect that Germany will really take seriously to its allied commitments to Poland.
2533	94	Another issue is that the planning and implementation of the plan in Germany looks a little different than in us. There people lead a debate, then generals make a concrete decision and hold one vision for a decade with the cliffs on their eyes. It is at the same time weakness and strength. The power, because regardless of the change of governments, the concept does not change. So now, in the face of the war in Ukraine, we are simply faced with the rapid development of what they set up in the previous decade. It is nothing surprising.
2533	96	In turn, what surprisingly surprised me was the immediate return of the Germans on the issue of energy policy. The Germans broke up, ceased to sit on two tables, and in a certain sense separated from Russia. It will show whether it is a single jump or a certain trend. In any case, like the Germans, this is an unlikely shift because they had a policy aimed at using energy raw materials from Russia. This has changed within a week. It is revolution.
2533	98	We like improvising. Do something on the principle of “good, it will succeed, even if you won’t be asked for the last button.” This is our national character, we are accustomed to it. It is worse with the methodical action, which is the domain of the Germans, and at this time there was no place. Therefore, from the perspective of the Polish poll, we are unable to imagine what has happened in Germany. They did something they did not get used to.
2533	100	Returning to the strict military issues – can we say that Russia is somewhat compromising in the eyes of the world? Is it not a bit so that Putin has so far hurt himself more than he has helped? We see Russian troops in Ukraine that are not awakening fear.
2533	102	Yes, and no. The editor has a lot of right, but you need to add “but.” Part of the military operation in northern Ukraine is a blame. This is an unlikely compromise. But let’s remember that the Russian army has two faces. On the one hand, we see carigodly low-income as in Chechnya, even greater. It is the face of the army that shows grotesque failure. The second face is an efficient machine that runs war on its own and is a machine to kill.
2533	104	What we know, the Russians once again showed that their aviation is not even at the NATO level since 1991. This is one of the weaknesses of Russia that has been neglected in the conflict in Ukraine. I acknowledge that I was too optimistic when it comes to the assessment of the air forces of Russia or its possibilities of radioelectronic struggles.
2533	106	It is an army that can suffer terrible disasters, but also an army that has beautiful victories in its DNA. We need to consider this, remembering the two sides of the medal. Of course, this conflict in Ukraine would look completely different if the Russians were better prepared. If they had done an attack according to their art of war, we would have talked today about completely different events outside our eastern border. I would recommend far-going caution with the assessment of the actions of the Russian armies at the present stage. Let’s wait until the fighting dust falls and the conflict ends.
2533	108	Much more can happen. There may be peace, for example. In a month or a month, the Russians will say they will go to the full mobilization of the armies with the thought of “what is harmful to us, though we are already economic concerns.” The first conclusions on the heat should be drawn after the battle is over. This is my opinion as a person who approaches many matters rather skeptical and analytically.
2533	110	Let’s remember that what we see is largely a crowded media. Everything is well sold. Clickbaity p. “Let’s see how the Russians hit Ukraine,” memy and so on. From my point of view, it looks different. We are watching the information war. In addition, let’s agree, people who have access to secret information usually have such confidentiality clauses that they can’t talk about many topics. So the most competent people who could give us the most significant content are simply nieme. The rest are people involved in civil affairs. Therefore, I would pay attention to people who are calling on experts. This is also my humble person. I know as much as I know. I have no access to strictly secret information.
2533	112	Information war is also a key issue. 
2533	114	The way the Ukrainians conduct an informational campaign will go to the history manuals. This is the absolute world championship. And Russia? It uses a strong Russian propaganda, fears atoms and refugees coming from abroad. There is no finishing that the Ukrainians have. Only here comes the question, how much the actions of the Ukrainians themselves, and how much the NATO established staff and companies that deal with such matters professionally helps them. Please see how President Zelensky is behaving. Ordinary coatings, proximity to the people, the media and soldiers, openness. The presidential protection must be given by the cat.
2533	116	Zelenski is a professional actor. We may laugh at the fact that he was once running on the scenes, but it can be said that he plays the role he was written. What the state man Zelenski became is a crazy media message that is very effective. I don’t have any evidence of this, but I suppose that there is a staff of advisors behind that who knows how well to build a narrative in the face of war.
2533	118	What do you think is the most likely when it comes to the end of this conflict? It is most often talked about three scenarios: Russia will the maximum goal (the acceptance of Ukraine, the marionet government in Kiev), the indirect goal (the defeat of some parts and agreements unfavourable to the Ukrainians), the minimum goal (Donbass, Crimea). I understand that the assumption that Ukraine would have a great triumph should be treated with the greatest distance.
2533	120	We have limited access to information, so prediction is not easy. I don’t want to make any judgments. What I can say on the basis of the current situation is that NATO’s aid to the Ukrainians will continue. It will grow, not grow. In addition, I can say that the Ukrainian army will not break down. If anywhere the soldiers are going to give up, it’s really in a hopeless situation. But for now we see that it is an army that after a hit sounds like a mosaic, not like a broken glass. It is a beautiful army of patriots led by great commanders. I can also say that further dominant will be the participation of the armor-mechanized armies. The vision of a hero with a grenade is a propaganda message. In fact, most of the work is carried out by artillery, tanks, battle wheels of infantry and mechanized infantry.
2533	122	As for the Russians, I think that the forces they have introduced to Ukraine are unable to win the war. Even assuming that the second shot has already entered into action, I don’t see the chance of this operation to succeed. And this leads us to three bad alternatives. The first is a general mobilization, which will take about a half year. The war will last until the summer and then the Russians will go on the Ukrainians with fresh and enormous forces to destroy the whole of the West. Regardless of whether or not they are able to win Kiev or not.
2533	124	The second option – both sides will be so tired of the conflict that they will eventually sit down to talk. The key to peace lies in the relationship between Russia and Europe. The most important thing for the Russians is to abolish the sanctions of the West. I hope that this option will happen.
2533	126	The last scenario, which until recently seemed unlikely, is the use of tactical nuclear weapons in Ukraine. With a clear loss of war, there may be such a attempt to use this weapon. With this vision it will be the end of Europe that we have known so far. The Russians will win and occupy the majority of Ukraine. I say that the plan was not to take over the whole country. The West should be uninterrupted. There would be expelled patriots opposing the new power, who would work to maintain the economy of the eastern part. The Russians have to make that.
2533	128	I still believe that we must have great humility to our own ignorance. I am unable to determine the probability of certain events. For now, it can be said that the Russian army has drowned. They will be able to move further, but personally I don’t see the possibility of a final military resolution from their side. Unless they manage total mobilization or play unsports. War has nothing to do with sport. The winner is the one who is more brutal.
2533	130	There is another option: someone will kill Putin. The best version. You can assume that Putin will end like Lavrienti Beria. In general, looking at history, many Russian rulers were killed in March or simply died. It would be a good way to maintain tradition. The question is how real it is. Looking at what writes Alexei Navalny, the potential successor of Putin, we are dealing with a man with immense neo-imperialist predictions. This is a similar approach to the vision of Russia in the world. Only for now it is an opposition closed in the slope. We will see what the future will bring. I am not an optimist. I think a long and dirty war awaits us, although I hope I will be wrong.
2533	132	Let’s just not see these unsports, though, as we look at the use of caset bombs or thermobaric bombs by the Russians, we can make the conclusion that there no one will retreat before anything.
2533	134	The shock is that in Russia no one thinks that using this kind of weapon is a non-sport behavior. This is a situation for them, as if they had to go out for a bottle from the store and buy two cakes. For the Russians, it is an abstraction that it is possible to sign a convention withdrawing the use of a caset bomb. The Lord presents humanitarian, and the Russians will think, “Okay, we killed a hundred more faster and cheaper.” They look at it so. Unfortunately.
2533	136	As for the use of nuclear weapons – from what I remember, in Russia must be the grammatical consent of three people to use nuclear weapons. Putin cannot, yes, fall into this idea and press the red button. So there is always hope that one of the leaders of the entire operation will maintain a minimum of a healthy sense. I would still keep peace. From our perspective, Poles, I would sleep calmly. The chance that the atomic car will fall on us is some promile. But Putin has done more for NATO unity in a few days than the whole of the West in 30 years. This is also a key aspect of all this discussion.
2533	138	It will be very bad, but Poland has already won this conflict politically. It will cut off the cups of what is happening in Ukraine. The role of NATO in our country will only grow. The country that has lost, regardless of the final result, is of course Russia. The Soviet Union 2.0 will no longer be built.
2534	1	President Duma: The Western sanctions arsenal is exhausted. Russia can get more.
2534	3	The President of the State Duma, Vyachevław Wołodin, commenting on the sixth EU sanctions package against Russia, estimated that “the arsenal of measures to stop the development” of his country was exhausted.
2534	5	“By analyzing these, as well as the earlier decisions of Brussels and Washington, we can say that the arsenal of funds to block the development of our country has exhausted,” Wołodin wrote on his Telegram channel. President Duma said that by setting new sanctions, “Western politicians are forced to choose between a bad and a very bad scenario for the economies and the citizens of their countries.”
2534	7	“For the Russian Federation, the potential losses due to the ban on oil exports to Europe, experts say, could amount to $22 billion a year. However, due to the rise in energy prices, caused by sanctions and the reorientation of Russian oil sales to the Asian markets, this will be fully compensated, and even our economy will go out on a plus,” Wołodin continued.
2534	9	According to him, due to record-high energy prices, Europe will “pay more than 250 billion euros a year, without counting the additional costs of the transition of companies to new types of oil.”
2534	11	“Washington is doing everything to make the main burden of sanctions fall on European countries. It will deliberately weaken the economies of the EU countries to make them even more dependent on the United States. He wants to govern countries that have previously sought for greater independence. Now these countries cannot even think about it. “They have more problems,” Wołodin wrote, saying, “after overcoming all the sanctions, Russia will only strengthen itself.”
2534	14	The sixth EU sanctions package will prohibit the purchase of Russian oil supplied to the Member States within six months and prohibit the import of petroleum products within eight months. It will still be possible to buy Russian oil supplied by pipelines.
2534	16	The sanctions will also cause the largest Russian bank, Sbierbank, to be cut off from the international payment system SWIFT. The same limitation applies to the Moscow Credit Bank and the Russian Agricultural Bank.
2535	1	Japan announces new sanctions on Russia
2535	3	The Japanese government has decided to extend the sanctions imposed on Russia for its aggression against Ukraine, the agency Jiji Press. The list of new restrictions is included. the freezing of the assets of 141 people, including the Prime Minister of Russia Mikhail Mishustin, as well as the prohibition of exports to 71 associated organizations.
2535	5	The list of organizations to which technologically advanced Japanese products will no longer be exported includes Russian scientific institutions and armed industry-related entities.
2535	7	Japan's individual sanctions have been imposed on the high rank of Russian officials and leaders of separatist armed organizations, dependent on the Russian republic in the Ukrainian Donbass - the so-called. Lugansk and Donetsk People's Republic.
2535	9	New sanctions against Russia. “We will work to increase pressure.”
2535	11	“We are extremely shocked by seeing the devastation, the profound humanitarian crisis and the complete destruction of every Ukrainian city that has become the victim of Russian aggression,” the Japanese government secretary-general Hirokazu Matsuno said.
2535	13	“We will work together with the G7 countries to increase pressure on Russia,” he added.
2535	15	Prime Minister Fumio Kishida announced on Monday after a video conference of the G7 leaders that Japan will gradually withdraw from oil imports from Russia.
2536	1	U.S. announces new sanctions against Russia
2536	3	The US has imposed further sanctions on Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, among others. Three Russian television stations, eight members of the headquarters of the Sbierbank and 27 members of the headquarters of the Gazprombank, the White House said. In addition, the United States will ban services. Accounting, legal and financial services for individuals and entities in Russia.
2536	5	The announced sanctions are the result of the Sunday G7 leaders and Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky’s conference. According to the White House, the sanctions will be covered by three Russian television stations: First Channel Russia-1 and NTW. These actions are intended to cut them off the money of foreign advertisers. U.S. companies will not be able to provide accounting, legal and financial services, including dot. establishment of companies for no persons and entities in Russia.
2536	7	“These services were crucial to Russian companies and elites and to build their assets, thus generating income for Putin’s war machine and trying to hide these assets and avoid sanctions,” the statement said.
2536	9	The U.S. has also imposed visa restrictions for 2,6 thousand. Russians and Belarus, including soldiers from both countries and their families and members of the Donbass self-government authorities, who had to commit human rights and corruption violations.
2536	11	In addition, the State Department has covered the restrictions of eight Russian companies from the maritime transport sector and 69 related ships, while the Treasury Department has included the state sanctions list of the Moscow Industrial Bank (MIB) and the manufacturer of Snipers gun Orsis, the company Promtechnology. The restrictions will also affect eight members of the authorities of the largest Russian bank, Sbierbank and 27 members of the headquarters of the Gazprombank.
2538	1	Time for the vegan cocktails
2538	3	The end of the world or the end of the world. The choice belongs to you
2538	5	Do you remember listening to music from the magnetofon casets, watching videos from the VHS casets and snow in winter? In the near future, with the same nostalgia, the people who eat meat will be able to remind the times of cannabis, chicken rosacea, and traditional potatoes with shablet. We will have to give up them to save our children from climate disasters. 
2538	7	The ban on livestock and the sale of meat, and in the near future the increase of VAT on reflecting products – such a future can be prepared for its citizens the European Union and Poland. This is the account for decades of untouched consumerism, whether it comes to inflammatory purchase of ever-new products, courageous use of fossil fuel-driven locomotive means, building the foundation of the energy system on coal or eventually following yourself with the content of meal dishes, suto covered with meat. 
2538	9	The fact that carbon power plants are emitting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere is obvious for most. Just like the fact that burning gasoline or fuel oil leaves a trace in the atmosphere, increasing the carbon dioxide concentration. Fewer people wonder what is the environmental cost of producing a new TV, computer, furniture, or even clothing, and even less realize that one of the sectors most contributing to climate disaster is agriculture. 
2538	11	The 2015 Paris Agreement set out an ambitious vision for the world: developing and introducing solutions to ensure that global warming does not exceed 2 degrees Celsius, which will prevent the truly drastic effects of climate change. In practice, this has been translated into declarations of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 50 percent by 2030 and achieving full neutrality by 2050. 
2538	13	The goal is more ambitious than it may seem at first glance, because it requires not only changes in energy and transport, but also a modeling of the functioning of the whole civilization. One of the changes that can be expected is the prohibition of breeding animals and the resulting prohibition of meat. Experts agree – physics cannot be deceived, with climate revolution you will have to go to the whole 
2538	15	Prohibition of the sale of meat? 
2538	17	The global warming began to be more and more loud at the end of the 20th century, when more and more scientists warned about human activity by increasing the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. This leads to a systematic accumulation of the retention of the part of the energy that reaches the Earth, resulting in an increasing increase in global average temperatures. The 10 hotest years in the history of measurements have been recorded over the past 20 years, and the records are constantly broken: July 2021 was the hotest month in history, and at the same time the 439th in a row in which the temperature was recorded above the average for the 20th century.
2538	19	It is worth adding that the official records of the dominant temperatures reach back to 1880, the scientists, through the analysis of the crossings of the trees, the ice nuclei of the curves and settlements are able to with great accuracy find that the heat as it is now has not been for the last 125,000 years. 
2538	21	Given the records of battles almost year after year, a new, more powerful imaginary definition appeared in the circle: a climate disaster. It makes it a little more plastic to the climate warming threat, but it makes the scientists slightly irritated. It is because it is emotional coloring of facts, and they speak for themselves and do not need media incentives. This is translated by Anna Sierpińska from the site naukaoklimacie.pl. 
2538	23	Climate change is a wider concept than global warming, but it is often used in the media as a substitute. It’s better to write about climate change, because we’re facing changes throughout the Earth’s climate system, i.e. falls, and not just the rise of the planet’s average temperature. The term “climate disaster” is essentially not used in science, it is the media term, says Sierpińska. 
2538	25	Whether we will apply dry, scientific names, or terms referring to emotions, the situation will not become less serious. The world that we know ends, and the apocalypse is closer to us with every flesh of a catlet, a cabbage, a cabbage, or a kebab. 
2538	27	The proposals of COP26, the annual climate summit of 2021, are unmistakable: climate change does not end
2538	29	Food Changing Climate 
2538	31	Which sectors are the most responsible for greenhouse gas emissions? In our country the main guilty belongs to the energy sector, built for years on the foundation of “black gold”, i.e. coal.
2538	33	The National Center for Balance and Emission Management / Environmental Protection Institute in data for 2018 year that energy is responsible for 82.9 percent of the total national greenhouse gas emissions. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has informed us that in comparison agriculture looks like innocent.
2538	35	"Polish agriculture according to KOBIZE data accounts for about 8 percent of the total anthropogenic emissions of the country. In agriculture, the main source of greenhouse gas emissions is nitrogen suboxid (N2O) and accounts for 79.6 percent of the total, anthropogenic emissions of this gas. As for the total nitrogen suboxide emissions from agriculture, 87.4 percent comes from land use (natrogen fertilization), and 12.6 percent from the economy is from animal waste,"" the agriculture resort explains."
2538	37	The resort also explained that methane emissions (CH4) from agriculture account for 29.9 percent of emissions from all domestic sources. The main source of methane emissions in Poland is intestinal fermentation (89.5 percent) and animal waste economy (10.3 percent). As for the total greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) from agriculture, calculated in carbon equivalent (CO2), the main sources of emissions in 2018 were agricultural soil (46 percent) and intestinal fermentation (39.4 percent). 
2538	39	What do these data mean to us and to the world? The Climate Compassion Poland report published at the COP26 is clear: “Without limitation of meat simply won’t succeed.” The global contribution of agriculture to greenhouse gas emissions is significantly higher than in Poland, which is the result of the carbon-burned energy system. In the lightning, a greater share in the energy mix has zero-emission and renewable sources. For the Polish nuclear power plants, which will allow the closure of the “cuts” such as carbon blocks, we will come to wait another decade. 
2538	41	The Compasion Poland Foundation estimated that the global food system is responsible for 33 percent of all greenhouse gas emissions, and up to 75 percent of agriculture’s contribution to climate change is the result of animal breeding.
2538	43	The better idea of how harmful the current agriculture is to the climate gives other figures: greenhouse gas emissions from the farming sector account for 14.5 percent of the total global human emissions. This is more than the direct transport generates – and Poland has already signed an agreement, according to which from 2035 it will no longer be possible to sell cars with fuel engines in our country. Should similar prohibitions be expected in the case of meat? 
2538	45	“If global meat consumption and acquisition are not limited, it will be very difficult to the goals of the Paris Agreement. Even if we could stop emissions from fossil fuels immediately, the current trends in global food systems would prevent the achievement of the 1.5 degrees Celsius target and prevent the achievement of the 2 degrees Celsius target,” Compasion Polska said.
2538	47	The foundation’s data shows that the limitation of the meat consumption and the acquisition itself would allow to up to 20 percent reduction in emissions needed to comply with the Paris Agreement. The politicians are aware of this, who are increasingly signaling the possibility of saving the world by prohibiting the breeding of animals. The inevitability of the necessary changes is seen more and more clearly by the farmers themselves, who begin to feel like miners counting the time to close the mines. And they are definitely not satisfied with that. 
2538	49	Excessive tax and prohibition of animals? 
2538	51	Even the all-powerful Jaroslav Kaczynski lost with farmers on the meat. The famous pet for animals, aimed at improving well-being in farms and prohibiting cruel and painful ritual harassment, has led to an open rebellion in the United Nations. The president of PiS in the face of the threat of breakdown resigned and about the awakening controversy was almost never heard again. 
2538	53	The pet for animals would contribute to the reduction of the heads of livestock by prohibiting ritual fighting. Polish farmers export meat from such killed animals abroad – another method of mortality would take them away from this possibility. The limitation would therefore be due to ethical reasons, not climate.
2538	55	Both cases were taken on the stands by EU member Sylvia Spurek, who in one tweet led to the burning part of the people who like to eat meat, proposing “a pet for the plant industry.” And she spoke in it only about the desire to prohibit the advertising of meat and the acquisition, and not the prohibition of them.
2538	57	Dr. Sylvia Spurek, a legal adviser, was Deputy Ombudsman, currently a member of the European Parliament and Vice-President of the FEMM Commission (the step by the scientific titles is not a mistake because the eurodeputate uses femininity), is strongly engaged in the fight for animal rights and the promotion of veganism. “Food Conservatives” perceive it as a evil and accuse it almost of crimes against mankind. To convince you about this, it is enough to read the comments on the proposal to introduce a “floor for the plant industry”. 
2538	59	The spire, which itself is a vegetarian, calls for a systematic limitation of the meat consumption. The starting point can be the introduction of a higher VAT rate for reflecting products, with simultaneous exemption from value-added vegetable alternatives for meat and acquisition.
2538	61	I proposed a prohibition of the advertising of reflective products. We know their negative impact on the climate, the environment and human health. And people must begin to make decisions consciously, not under the influence of mass propaganda. We are already protecting people from the promotion of cigarettes, alcohol, or drugs, says Sylvia Spurek. 
2538	63	She also called for the introduction of the “climate and animal rights knowledge” in schools and primary schools to “from younger years promote responsibility for the planet, increase children’s sensitivity to animal rights violations and environmental destruction.”
2538	65	A higher meat tax would make the final price frighten potential buyers and engage in a healthy, cheaper and seating decently lower destruction of a vegetable diet. Vivera, one of the meat alternatives producers, says that eating for a month of plants themselves (and them-based products) can save 6 animals' lives, reduce CO2 emissions by 62 kilograms and reduce water consumption by 39 000 liters.
2538	67	The European Union will soon or later rebuild the meat market. The first steps on this path are already visible, what was told by Adam Stępień, the Director-General of the Polish Association of Oil Producers. 
2538	69	Changes will come to every branch of the economy, but among them – agriculture is unique. It is the sector that is the foundation of the safety of the food chain in Europe, as well as a critical element of the labour market – in the end, for example. The processing sector is entirely based on agricultural work plants. Therefore, agriculture faces not only challenges related to reducing greenhouse gas emissions as such, but also those related to adapting to climate change or even greater care for biodiversity, says Adam Stępień. 
2538	71	These challenges are described in the European Green Board complementary strategies: “From field to table” and “For biodiversity”. These strategies are developed in detail by the Green Board document, so it should always be looked at the “sum” of their provisions. 
2538	73	The declarations of politicians and the details on the future of agriculture that appear in the European Green Board are observed with attention and concern by Polish farmers. Their voice is increasingly Michael Kołodějczak, the leader of the AGRO, who in the expected movements of the EU sees primarily the effects of the lobbyists of large corporations, who want to hit as many markets as possible to small, local farmers.
2538	75	- Of course, imposing a higher tax on animal production is a narrow idea, because it immediately suggests consumers that meat is poor, and vegetable products better, because it is promoted by lower tax. This is an operation that is intended to hit farmers as large corporations have invested billions in vegetable meat alternatives. Action to reduce the consumption of real meat will be linked to a wave of bankruptcy in Polish agriculture, as it is impossible to change its structure in a short time, says Mikhail Kołodějczak. 
2538	77	The head of AGROunie added that corporations are lobbying for such solutions, in fact it is only about building a new market and a lot of money. He said he supports the trend of localizing the production and sale of products, but does not support the way the Green Board is currently established. According to Kołodějczak, these are often contradictory, yet well-industrialized slogans, which will make the production of food in Poland significantly decreases and will lead to the need to eat with imports from other countries, in which climate and energy aggravations do not be overwhelming. “Today we are on the edge of another transformation, only the one that pushes – unlike that of the 90s – must be fair to people and we will take care of it,” Kołodzieczak said. 
2538	79	It is enough to visit the big trade network to see that the plant revolution has already begun. In some markets vegan and vegetarian products have already produced their own food, and most of them can be found in refrigerators, in which we will easily find plant alternatives for meat and cooking products. A non-mixed butter or a non-milk pulmonary seed is just a small piece of the whole range. 
2538	81	Local and Local Alternatives 
2538	83	Plant alternatives to meat are known almost since the beginning of civilizational stories. For centuries the Chinese have been engaged in tofu (soya straw), which in the hands of the master can become the equivalent of any meat food. From your medium also comes seitan, i.e. gluten in a pure form, from which you can exhaust cottage, baking or burgery. 
2538	85	More modern invention are soya cottage, also available as a granulate (equivalent to
2538	87	Specifically promising are groch protein-based products, including the famous Beyond Burger. The taste of a vegetable burger is so close to the cottage that some vegans are afraid to eat it. And the same recipe and similar taste already have Polish products.
2538	89	We asked the biggest meat producers about the reasons for investing in plant replacement products. Marcin Balanda, Director of Ds. PR and communication Sokolov SA, made the matter clear: the company is listening to the votes of customers.
2538	91	Sokolov introduced a line of plant products in 2017, as the first company among the leading meat producers in Poland. The directions for the development and modification of our range are always determined by the current needs and expectations of consumers. One of these trends is undoubtedly the flexitarianism, i.e. the limitation of the consumption of animal products, says Marcin Balanda.
2538	93	He also pointed out that there are also hundreds of other market needs does not intend to ignore the Oil Group, which was by Anna Olewnik Mikołajewska, the chairman of the board. We are constantly monitoring consumer trends, conducting research and observing how the dietary preferences of Poles change. So we knew that our industry was anticipated, sooner or later, to introduce meat replacement supplies. According to CBOS, 1 per cent was granted to not eat meat in 2000. The percentage of adult Poles, today - already over 3%. And this trend will deepen – especially in large urban centers, because there the percentage of declared vegetarians and vegans is definitely the highest – says Anna Olewnik Mikołajewska. 
2538	95	The need of the market does not intend to ignore the Oil Group, which was by Anna Olewnik Mikołajewska, the chairman of the board. We are constantly monitoring consumer trends, conducting research and observing how the dietary preferences of Poles change. So we knew that our industry was anticipated, sooner or later, to introduce meat replacement supplies. According to CBOS, 1 per cent was granted to not eat meat in 2000. The percentage of adult Poles, today - already over 3%. And this trend will deepen – especially in large urban centers, because there the percentage of declared vegetarians and vegans is definitely the highest – says Anna Olewnik Mikołajewska. 
2538	97	Thanks to such products, the Oil Group not only opens up to new groups of customers, but also participates in the implementation of the sustainable development strategy. The threat to meat products will also be... meat. But such grown as tissue in special plants, and not acquired as a result of killing animals.
2538	99	The future is now – laboratory meat is already available to people with a sufficiently thick portfolio. With the course of time and the decline of the prices of meat may be able to change the market completely, providing products free of suffering and killing, generating with much less environmental burden, and to this being practically meat rather than its replacement.
2538	101	“What kind of vegetarian, what kind of vegetarian?” This question was asked by Kazik in the work “12 grams”. Since the premiere of the hit, the response to the lyrical entity’s speech has changed significantly. 
2538	103	People who prefer a vegetable diet can rely on an increasingly rich restaurant offer. Sylvia Spurek, for example, was photographed during the consumption of a cottage in the center of Warsaw. of vegan. 
2538	105	The plant alternative is now available not only at specialized points: non-mixed sofas can be ordered, among other things, in McDonald or Burger King. For vegan vegetarians, these latter are just curiosities, because vegetable hamburgers are cooked together with meat, thus they lose the truth of being.
2538	107	For the vegan hot dogs, the Sheep and even Orlen are invited. As with meat producers, there is a clean market calculation. A survey conducted in 2021 found that in Poland 7 percent of people aged 18-29 are vegetarians and 1 percent vegans. According to a 2019 survey by the Ariadna Panel, 8.4 percent of Poles live on a vegetable diet. 
2538	109	Millions of people who are leaving meat for ethical or climate reasons cannot be ignored. Companies follow the consumer portfolio. Therefore, it seems that for a substantial limitation of the demand for meat, and therefore the reduction of its production, there will be no need for a ban. The young generation, aware of the climate challenges, is increasingly making decisions about the transition to veganism or vegetarianism.
2538	111	But will we surely have to give up the breeding of animals for meat and the production of crop? We asked about this scientists who shared existing apocalyptic visions. 
2538	113	The Beast Brings the Apocalypse 
2538	115	Never in history the climate of our planet has changed so drastically. It happened that the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which recently crossed the 400 particle barrier per mill, was higher. So much that we have managed to get them to such a level in a few decades, while natural processes take tens of thousands of years. 
2538	117	Scientists have already removed the name anthropocene – a geological era, on the shape of which the main influence is human activity. Climate change is still relatively little painful in our position on the globe, but another major extinction of species has already begun. This time, the disaster that caused them is people.
2538	119	Anna Sierpińska from the site naukaoklimacie.pl explained what scientific climate models predict. We will live on another planet. Anywhere else there will be climate zones, the frequency and size of the floods will change, the plant clothes, the reach of the animal appearance will move, including for example. Infectious diseases or pesticides. How different this planet will be and how friendly it is to humans as so far depends on our actions, says Anna Sierpińska.
2538	121	The expert has repeatedly explained that excessive consumption – the continuous purchase of new things or food waste – largely drives high emissions in the wealthiest part of the world, i.e. in Poland (Poland in 2021 is ranked 24th in terms of national assets per 174 countries according to Credit Suisse). The average European is eating 3 times, and the American (USA) is 6 times more red meat than it is in the dietary recommendations. It raises questions of ethical nature: millions of people worldwide do not have fulfilled the most basic life needs such as shelter, access to clean water or adequate quantity/quality of food, while a smaller portion often completely senselessly exploits the planet’s resources, e.g.Producing millions of unnecessary, one-time things for entertainment.
2538	123	Climate change is a hole that we stand on ourselves. We feel it, among other things, in the decrease in food availability, for which the new climate will be unleashable. Mikhail Kołodějczak from AGROUNY acknowledged, keeping a mild reserve, that the problems affect farmers already today.
2538	125	I don’t want to link these two topics. First, we see that the weather we are facing is increasingly unfriendly. On the one hand, we have drought, on the other hand, we have storms, and on the third, we have mild rain, which is uncontrollable. The climate is changing, it is different. The weather we have been facing for a few years is increasingly extreme, we see it begins to change. Of course, we feel this very strongly, because they suffer from this plants - indicates Michael Kołodějczak. 
2538	127	Without giving up the breeding of animals for meat, achieving the established climate neutrality will be impossible. However, the politicians will not rush to introduce appropriate laws, which Sylvia Spurek complained.
2538	129	“Instead of progressive decisions and actions, we have debates and press on the margins of important matters, just because they raise controversy, that they require courage and are bound with political risks. In December 2019, the European Parliament announced a climate alarm, but are we acting as an alarm state, a higher need, a crisis for these two years? He asks Spurek. 
2538	131	The policy added that industrial agriculture, including animal farming, is responsible for the climate disaster along with coal energy and transport, but we do nothing with it. We know how much the agricultural and dairy industry contributes to the degradation of wildlife, how it destroys biodiversity, how it can turn into hell the lives of people living in the neighboring industrial farms. We know that the current model of nutrition every year contributes to the suffering and death of billions of animals. Can we, living in such a system, think about the future of the planet, the future of societies, states, international organizations?
2538	133	The prohibition of meat will be a very difficult political decision, because for a large majority of voters the right to choose a diet is a saintess that it does not agree to make the attack. Therefore, the men should not be worried: no one will remove their kotlet from their mouths. Per beyond the consciousness that every flesh approaches us to the end of the world we know. 
2539	1	The law has discovered another threatening ideology in Poland. She wants to fight with her in the movie 'The Man'
2539	3	It is not only the LGBT ideology that threatens the Poles. Association of them. Ks. Piotra Skargi, linked to Ordo Iuris, struggles with another “unmoral ideology that uses the empathy of people of good will and their sleepy vigilance to accomplish the evil goals.” It is about “vegetarianism, veganism and a broadly understood movement for animal rights.” There is a Russian trace.
2539	5	"To make Poles aware of the threat, the Institute of Social and Religious Education. Piotra Skargi gathers money on the internet for the film ""Misožerca"". According to the published fragment, the negative hero of the production will be the famous publicist Szymon Hołownia."
2539	7	Association of Christian Culture. Ks. Piotra Sklgi is an organization founded among others. by Arkadius Stelmach and Sławomir Olejniczak – both men are also co-founders of the Ordo Iuris Foundation, known in Poland for its radical pro-Catholic activities.
2539	9	The association manages the website Polonia Christiania – pch24.pl – and this is where the information about the film “Mysožerca” appeared. The objective of this production is to fight the “anti-Christian and anti-human revolution”, i.e. the vegetarianism and the movement for animal rights.
2539	11	Vegetarianism - Anti-Christian Revolution
2539	13	“Vegetarianism, veganism and a widespread animal rights movement appear to be an innocent activity aimed at preventing the unintended suffering of the creature. Nothing more wrong! It turns out that it is an unethical and immoral ideology, which uses the empathy of people of good will, their good hearts and sleepy vigilance to evil goals. The vegan and vegetarian movements, with the help of social engineering, step by step demolish social, cultural, economic and religious structures, thus becoming a further pillar of the anti-Christian and anti-Jewish revolution.”
2539	15	The association wants to collect 25 thousand. It is bad and little for him to the goal – according to the information on the page (at the time of writing the text) it has already collected 22 600 PLN.
2539	17	The film is directed by a collaborator with pch24.pl Piotr Relich. As stated on the portal, “in the film ‘The Man. The enemy number one?« Peter Relich and his speakers discuss the causes and consequences widely, pointing to the dangers arising from animal agitation and human confession.
2539	19	In encouraging financial support for production, we also presented “a fragment of the meeting recorded by our cameras, during which surprising, false and scary words fell.”
2539	21	As it turns out, it is a... author’s meeting of Symona Hołowni, a Polish publisher who in his books among others. In a popularist way he writes about Catholicism. From 2007 to 2012 he was the program director of religia.tv. In 2018 he published the book “The Gods of Animals”.
2539	23	As written in the publishing review, it is said that “God has not created the animals by coincidence and is always in contact with them.” This is a praise for vegetarianism and veganism, combined with a call for respect for animals and care for the Earth.
2539	25	Scary Coal and Materials from the Russian Portal
2539	27	"The meeting, the fragment of which is to be found in the film ""Messožerca"", was dedicated among others. promotions of this book (this took place on 9 March 2019 in Krakow). “Untruthful and scary words,” he said."
2539	29	They said, “I have received the most, so I have the greatest responsibility. And I should finally begin to draw practical conclusions of this, because the animals I have met in life will judge me at the final trial. People and animals. The world will judge me, every creature. The pig that I ate, and I ate them certainly a dozen, that was the creation of God, each of them. He has created each one of them.”
2539	31	For the creators of the film, also Catholics, it is frightening the Holy Thesis that during the final trial people will also be judged by animals. These words of publishers become almost the motto (negative) of the entire production.
2539	33	Krystian Kratiuk, chief editor of pch24.pl, addresses the future spectators in this way: “Why then when I eat what I like, it calls me a murderer? Why is there someone looking at your dish and calling us out of the worst, just because we eat what our parents and grandparents have eaten?”
2539	35	It also explains why the portal pch24.pl has engaged in the production of the “Monsaiers”: “We are tracking the various anti-Catholic nuts that arise in modern societies.”
2539	37	Shepherd becomes the leader of the Anti-Catholic Revolution
2539	39	The trailer showed “drastic” materials (this is how they were marked). These are recordings coming from events and performances for the defense of animal rights, mainly foreign. Interestingly, a large part of these recordings comes from the RUPTLY portal, which belongs to RT, formerly Russia Today, or the television established by the Russian government.
2539	41	In the film “Mysožerca” probably will also appear the history of the Polish industry...futerkova – that is, the one that makes interests in the farming of animals. A year ago in the Sejm they wanted to introduce a ban on such farming, but in the end the law did not pass.
2539	43	"As you can find out from the trailers, in the ""Honey"" farmers will be presented as victims of the animal defense movement."
2539	45	The European Union is a terror apparatus.
2539	47	The initiative of “The Men’s Fears” could be considered a little significant (and even funny) episode, if not two facts.
2539	49	First, the environment associated with Ordo Iuris has increasing influence in Poland, so its actions can in a real way translate either to Polish law or to social attitude.
2539	51	This year, the Institute of Social and Religious Education. Piotra Sklgi, associated with the Association of Ks. Skargi and with the Ordo Iuris Foundation, produced another film – “The Revolution of Total Freedom” by Jaroslav Manki.
2539	53	It was launched in March, and has been and is shown in many cities of Poland. It talks about a “neomarxist, anti-cultural revolution” that began in the 1960s in the West and continues to date, and even “radicalizes.”
2539	55	From the PCH24TV materials rounded during the premiere shows, you can find out that the fruit of this revolution “he came to eat the Anno Domini 2019”, “this is about how today the LGBT environments are promoted” and “the evil and the poison are cutting today by the institutions to which the revolution agents have reached.”
2539	57	In one of the materials, Christoph Karon, the right-wing publicist, says straightforward: “Today this revolution is approaching its next catastrophe, and in order to avoid it, it is rapidly installing a camera of terror. This system is the European Union.”
2539	59	In the “Revolution of Total Freedom” the modern movement struggling for equal rights of LGBT people was derived from the “Revolution” of the 1960s. Both the period and the current events were presented in a strict negative perspective, inserting a negative image of the European Union.
2539	61	This film had a premiere in a period when the LGBT people’s rights issue by PiS’s decision became an achievement of a thematic campaign to the European Parliament. This has since begun to be massively perceived by the right as a serious threat in Poland.
2539	63	Are vegetarians and animal rights defenders the next goal?
2539	65	The PS. Men on the right
2539	66	In the August (2019) IPSOS survey for OKO.press in question what actions would be willing to take in response to the climate crisis. One of the options was “to give up eating meat.” It turned out that vegetarianism has political colors, declared it among the voters:
2539	68	The left is 30 percent.
2539	69	Who is 22 percent.
2539	70	PSL – 17 percent.
2539	71	Confederation – 18%
2539	72	PS is only 11 percent.
2539	74	Per the supporters of Kaczynski are still in the ears of the warnings of Witold Waszczykowski, who as Minister of Foreign Affairs told the German tabloid in January 2016 such wisdom:
2539	76	“We want to cure our country from some diseases. The former government implemented the leftist concept, as if the world had to move in a single direction according to the Marxist pattern: towards a mixture of cultures and races, the world of cyclists and vegetarian, which only puts on renewable sources of energy and fights all forms of religion.
2539	77	This has nothing to do with traditional Polish values.”
254	1	Makowski: “A wonderful new world of veganism. Or you love him, or Sylvia Spurek will force you.”
254	3	I don’t understand why many left-wing liberals have an unbearable way of saving the world. Why do people often have the right ideology? “They know better,” how you have to live and what to eat. The European of Spring, Sylvia Spurek, practices this art on the ground of veganism. Would you not go through it alone? Make meat more expensive.
254	5	“We need to lead to institutional changes, for example by creating new rights (...). We need to make the production of reflective products more difficult and more expensive.” With Tobias Leenaert the author of 'How to Create the Wegean World' - so on Twitter she described a joint photo with the author of the book European Parliament Sylvia Spurek.
254	7	Thus, it sparked a debate of 750 comments, in which the overwhelming majority met with criticism from people who disagree with the use of social engineering in the context of food preferences.
254	9	"The problem with Sylvia Spurek itself, however, is that although she met Tobias Leenaert, she probably didn’t fully understand what his message was. For the book he published has a meaningful, but he is missed with the subtitles: “Pragmatic Introduction.” The approach of the activists has become more pragmatic. We left the “all or nothing” attitude. We put on small steps, instead of encouraging people to move immediately to veganism, the author said in an interview with the portal ""Vege""."
254	11	In the conversation he pointed out that he emphasized his denials because of veganism, scared people by radicalism, licitating whether it is 100 percent. Vegan, if you wear shoes with reflecting alloy - it works counteractly for the matter. I often say that if someone paid me 100,000. I would eat meat, and the money was transferred to the organization of the discourse, he added.
254	13	Gests for Show
254	15	"Although his ideas, obtained from the ""flexitary"" environment (the methods of small steps in the transition to the Vegan diet), still represent the same, unbearable lead thought that one day the whole world will have to stop eating meat - Leenaert at least knows how to tell about his motivations meaningfully. Without swallowing in the quasi-religious kidnapping and emotionality of the teenager."
254	17	Meanwhile, most of the activity on this field by Sylvia Spurek brings the reverse effect. He refuses to veganism and laughs him. It is worth remembering the picture of the sad frites and peppers and the complaints that they eat badly on the European Parliament table. Everything, of course, is filled with social-media scalticism, i.e. social activity based on hashtags, photos with passwords written on cards and empty gestures that don’t change anything in the world, but give their participants the feeling of accomplishing a “good act.”
254	19	Social Nadactivism
254	21	"“I insist on #Koniecepoklatkova because it’s time to end the suffering of millions of animals in Europe. You can also change it, sign a petition. This is just a minute, and it can mean so much for animals other than humans. “GoVegan” First of all, don’t kill. Every decent man should protest loudly when animals are damaged and killed, unfortunately killed in the majesty of law. Each year more than 200 thousand hunters are killed. The birds! Do not kill.” Today is the Big Birds Day. And if we continue to kill them, for example. using neonicotinoids (this is marked by the Ministry of Agriculture) - this will soon celebrate the Birds Memorial Day :(""."
254	23	"This is how the standard ""ecological"" message of the European Parliament, which although promotes the author speaking about the method of small steps and pragmatic approach to the promotion of veganism, itself leaves no doubt that he wants radical means. As for me, remaining in the animal nomenclature, the movement of work. No one likes - and this probably connects us beyond divisions - when the other side rather than discussing, wants to impose something contrary to social feelings. The future of climate, ecology, and humanitarian treatment of animals deserve us more than the fight for the moral palm of priority."
2540	1	Politics and corporations in Davos convince us to a world without meat. It will be much better.
2540	3	The elimination of meat from the diet serves us as well as the planet. The first burgers made entirely from plants, and tasting like bread, can already be tried. Soon there will be another very meat products: vegetable stecs, bekon, fish, chicken...
2540	5	Agriculture, mostly based on traditional farming and plant production, contributes to greater emissions of greenhouse gases than cars, trains and aircraft taken together. It consumes huge amounts of water. We eat unhealthy and waste 40-45 percent. the food.
2540	7	A significant part of what we produce remains on the fields because we don’t have access to conservants, infrastructure or simply collections don’t meet consumer expectations. 800 million people suffer from hunger. And this number will grow.
2540	9	It is estimated that more than 9 billion people will need to feed by 2050. We need a food revolution.
2540	11	So much is said today about climate warming and the degradation of the environment. And on the topic of food and the challenges that the system generates, we are silent. Meanwhile, governments, organizations and should work closely together to solve this problem – no doubt Paul Bulcke, CEO of Nestle S.A, one of the participants in the discussion “In menu: sustainable and nutritious food” at the World Economic Forum in Davos 2018.
2540	13	Meat from Plants
2540	15	What is needed for the food revolution? He loves meat. A large part of the farm is based on farms that consume a quarter of the world’s fresh water resources.
2540	17	“It’s enough that we’ll eat less meat and the system will become more efficient. We also have a greater chance to solve the problem of hunger, says Jennifer Morgan, director of Greenpeace International.
2540	19	And it encourages the system to change towards the creation of organic farms that not only have a better environmental impact, but also provide jobs for the local community.
2540	21	What is important in such farms should be provided by food-producing companies.
2540	23	Patrick Brown, an American biochemist, the founder of Immposible Foods, whose standard product is a whole-made vegetable burger, goes further and asks what really draws us into meat?
2540	25	It’s not about eating animals, it’s about taste and smell. We need to find a better way to produce meat, he says.
2540	27	The current technology is called prehistoric, absurd and harmful to the environment. “We are able to produce more delicious and more nutritious foods and thus ensure global food safety,” he says.
2540	29	Burgery from Impossible Foods contain hem – a group of enzymes that can be found in plants and animals, and which is responsible for the transport of oxygen inside the body. The other ingredients are pepper protein and coconut oil.
2540	31	A world without meat? It is possible!
2540	33	If as a consumer who needs protein, I will find an alternative, I will be happy to be able to try it, says Mariam Mohammed Saeed Hareb Al Mehairi, Minister of Affairs. Food safety of the United Arab Emirates.
2540	35	Patrick Brown believes that the production of food with the same nutritional values is possible. There is no need to make any compromises.
2540	37	Within 50 years, a large portion of protein in the human diet will probably come from plant organisms, the minister says.
2540	39	Is this the future diet? We will soon convince.
2541	1	More and more people restrict eating meat. This is the benefit of young generations.
2541	3	More and more Poles are restricting or completely refusing to consume meat; the observed trends are largely the benefit of younger generations, the Polish Economic Institute’s analysis said.
2541	5	"PIE analysts pointed out that ""as with the rest of Europe, Poles are increasingly restricting or completely giving up the consumption of meat."""
2541	7	"According to experts observed trends “is largely the benefit of younger generations.” Experts, based on the data from the 2021 Global Consumer Survey, found that in Poland 7 percent. Persons aged 18-29 are vegetarian, and 1% are vegetarian. Vegan, ""which collectively is a higher result than for example. France and Italy,” he said."
2541	9	According to a 2019 survey by the Ariadna Panel, the percentage of Poles on a vegetarian or vegan diet is 8.4 percent. In contrast, from Maczfit’s research on the inhabitants of large cities, the scale of popularity of vegetarianism in such centers can reach up to 20 percent. In 2014, in the CBOS survey, the percentage of vegetarian in Poland was 1%.
2541	11	At the same time, according to the Ariadna Panel, half of the vegetarian in Poland are 34 years old or less. “The results of Mintel’s 2017 survey showed that in age groups 16-24 years and 25-34 years, the percentage of vegan and vegetarian exceeds even 10 percent.” was noticed.
2541	13	"“Youth breeding is also seen in the reduction of meat consumption – even every fifth person aged 18-24 years did not eat meat throughout the month, with values approximately 10 percent. in older cohorts,"" said PIE on the basis of Ariadny's data analysis. According to the IBRIS survey, more than half of Poles plan to reduce their meat consumption."
2541	15	"“Europe, according to data before the pandemic, was the largest market for meat replacement products – the Old Land accounted for 40 percent. global sales of its substitutes"" - indicated in the analysis published in the latest edition of ""PIE Economic Weekly"". Experts pointed out that Poland ""has quickly reached a distance in this regard"" - in the last three years, the sales of meat in our country fell by 7.5 percent, and the sales of vegetarian meat substitutes increased by 480 percent. The vegetarian sector of the restaurant industry is also developing. “Happy Cow, the world’s guide to vegan restaurants, in 2010 had around 1,200 fully vegan or vegetarian restaurants in Europe, and in 2019 it was almost 6,5,000.” was emphasized. In their ranking of the best cities for vegan, Warsaw is on the sixth place, behind such metropolities as London, Berlin and New York – in our capital, Happy Cow, 150 vegetable-friendly restaurants have been found."
2541	17	"Analysts argued that the dynamics of changes in meat consumption is not so visible in GUS data. in the so-called The inflation basket, created on the basis of the study of household budget expenditure, the weight granted to meat products in 2021 significantly increased compared to 2020, ""to the level not updated in the last decade"". The situation, as they admitted, is a reversal of the clear decline trend noted continuously since 2014 By the way, according to the data collected in 2019, the domestic market supply fell by 3.9 percent."
2541	19	The analysts summarized that the meat consumption in 2019 fell slightly over 2 percent, and the heads of the bread - depending on the type of animal - remain at the same level or even minimally increased in recent years. It has been added that the production of grapefruit in 2019 has decreased for the first time since 2013 (PAP)
2542	1	More than a hundred coronavirus infections associated with one bar. “Safe Wave” in Beijing
2542	3	"A total of 166 coronavirus infections in China have been linked to one bar in the country’s capital Beijing, the authorities said. A government spokesman called the violent wave of illness as ""dangerous"" and all inhabitants in the area will be tested."
2542	5	In view of international standards, the number of recorded infections in Beijing is low but high as in China's reality, the BBC wrote. There is a “zero covid” policy. Infected persons are quarantined or hospitalized.
2542	7	All inhabitants of the district, where one of the bars in the central district of Chaoyang, with which 166 infections were associated, will be subjected to three days of tests.
2542	9	“Two houses closed”
2542	11	Two residential buildings in Chaoyang, where hundreds of people live, were closed on Sunday after a positive test result was there, a residential committee employee told Reuters. Some inhabitants of the city added that they received SMSs with information that they are to sign to the local authorities if they recently visited the mentioned bar.
2542	13	The officials announced that most of the children will not return to school in the country’s capital next week as initially planned.
2542	15	Since April 22, 1997 cases of coronavirus infection have been in Beijing, according to official data.
2542	17	In early June, Shanghai, the economic center of China and world trade, relieved exacerbations after two months of raw lockdown due to a wave of infections with the coronavirus variant Omikron. However, on Saturday, the authorities began mass investigations on COVID-19 almost all 25 million inhabitants. In some districts, people can’t leave their homes. New detected infections and a further round of tests cause concerns that the entire city’s lockdown may return.
2543	1	The coronavirus was discovered in Sweden. Do we have something to fear?
2543	3	Swedish scientists have identified a new coronavirus spreading among the small fields of the Chomicovate family. The pathogen called the Grimsö virus does not cause anxiety, but the situation can change over a few generations of mutations - as it was in the case of SARS-CoV-2.
2543	5	The new coronavirus was targeted by scientists from the Zoonoz Scientific Center at the University of Uppsali on the basis of a study of about 260 ordinary nurses in the district of Grimsö. Genetic studies have confirmed that this virus is well-established in the nursery population, and the details can be read in the magazine Viruses.
2543	7	Professor Åke Lundkvist, virologist and director of the Zoonoz Scientific Center at the University of Uppsali, says:
2543	9	In the years 2015-2017 we consistently found what we called the Grimsö virus, which would suggest that the virus is widespread and common in ordinary nurses in Sweden.
2543	11	What is Grimsö Virus?
2543	13	Zoonosis is a term referring to a reflecting disease that gained meaning during the COVID-19 pandemic. SARS-CoV-2 is, of course, a reflecting virus that is transmitted to humans from non-hempers. Viruses that for a long time have circulated only among animals can become dangerous to humans, infecting their bodies. The zoonotic potential of a given pathogen depends on a number of factors, among others. climate, geographical location, population density, sanitary conditions, etc.
2543	15	Scientists from the Zoonoz Scientific Center at the University of Uppsali are striving to constantly monitor any potential dangers facing humans by animals. Unlike SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, which are derived from nonopers, seasonal coronavirus - such as HCoV-OC43 or HCoV-HKU1 - have been transmitted to humans with pigs, such as rats, mice or nurses. Students have no doubt that there are still a lot of viruses hiding in nature, some of them with epidemic potential.
2543	17	Swedish scientists tested the ordinary norns from the district of Grimsö and tested them for the presence of coronavirus. Using RNA sequencing, the scientists intended a new coronavirus, which was previously called the Grimsö virus. It belongs to the beta coronavirus family, which also includes SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV-2.
2543	19	At this point, Grimsö virus is not threatening people, but the situation is dynamic. Grisons are the carriers of several pathogens with zoonotic potential, such as hantaviruses or bacteria that cause tularemia. In recent years, there has been a sharp increase in infectious diseases transmitted by small bacteria (such as fungus). 
2543	21	Prof. Åke Lundkvist summarizes:
2543	23	We still don’t know what potential threats to public health can be Grimsö virus. However, on the basis of our observations and previous coronavirus identified among ordinary nurses, there are reasonable reasons to continue monitoring coronavirus among wild pigs.
2544	1	“Chinese Virus” – from conspiracy theory to serious hypothesis
2544	3	After more than a year since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic we are still unknown what the origin of SARS-CoV-2 virus is. For many months, the main suspect was a famous Wuhan non-operator, and the theories of the virus’s outbreak from a Chinese laboratory were considered irrelevant, but now the narrative around the case has changed. Does the disease through which the world changes its face have a source in the Wuhan laboratory?
2544	5	Trump and the Chinese Virus
2544	7	In the first months of the COVID-19 epidemic many wondered where the new coronavirus came from, causing a lot of anxiety around the world. The most speaking was about the animal origin SARS-COV-2 – we all know the jokes about the Neptune soup, which was supposed to be the beginning of the pandemic. Some, however, suggested that the presence of the Wuhan Institute of Virology laboratory is not coincidental – in this area was the then US President Donald Trump. He promoted claims of at least accidental outbreak of the virus from the control of Chinese scientists, claiming that he saw unprecedented evidence of the laboratory origin of the pathogen. It met – as many Trump’s statements – with the sharp reaction of mainstream media. They talked about dezinformation, causing fear, engaging in the global fight against the coronavirus, harmful stereotyping and racism. Many indicate that the Trump administration actually did not have sufficiently strong evidence to speak of certainty. The scenes of these events are presented in an article by the author of Politico.com [1]. We cannot forget the strict political issues – both the U.S. and China competition, and the problems of Trump, who by accusations against China wanted to distract attention from his own failures in the fight against COVID-19.
2544	9	Joe Biden and the Change of Approach
2544	11	On May 26, 2021, President Biden declared that there is no certainty about the origin of the coronavirus, and there is both the hypothesis of natural origin and the possibility of a laboratory exit. He also said he ordered the U.S. intelligence to thoroughly investigate the case within 90 days. As polarization came to the world, the reactions of the Biden-friendly media were already completely different than a year earlier. The “cousual theory” has become a “serious hypothesis” considered by the WHO and the G7. Facebook’s policy is prominent – before Joe Biden’s declaration, posts about the creation of the SARS-COV-2 virus in laboratory conditions were blocked or limited to reach, while a few hours after the U.S. leader’s statement, these posts ceased to be considered disinformation [2]. The question of the independence of the scientists and their positions on the origin of COVID-19 seems worrying – in an interview with NBC Alina Chan from Harvard noted that during Donald Trump’s presidency the scientists were afraid to say publicly that the virus could be created in the Wuhan laboratory, because at that time being associated with the controversial politician was very badly seen [3].
2544	13	Where is the truth?
2544	15	The hypothesis of the natural origin of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, especially in the first months of the pandemic, gained extensive scientific support. In February 2020, the Lancet magazine published a list of 27 scientists condemning the theory of the laboratory origin of the coronavirus. Similar positions were taken by the WHO or the Committee on Human Immunology and Ethology of Human Infections of the Department of Medical Sciences PAN. The topic also describes an article published in Nature Medicine, whose authors support their claims on the basis of an analysis of the building of the virus. The reflective evolution of coronavirus is demonstrated, among other things, by the spike virus protein building and the lack of traces of interference with the pathogen genome [4]. According to the study, SARS-CoV-2 shows 97% similarities to other coronavirus found in neopers. There is also no certainty whether the first diseases occurred in Wuhan, where the “such” laboratory is located, and the facility itself has a high level of security, so the accidental leakage of the virus should not take place.
2544	17	The theory of the laboratory origin of the virus has its supporters also among scientists and parts of the WHO staff. They draw attention, among other things, to the very inaccurate investigation by the World Health Organization – the research team of the Wuhan laboratory spent there just a few hours and had no full access to the data. It is also suspicious that three Wuhan Institute of Virology employees showed coronavirus symptoms more than a month before the first confirmed cases of COVID-19 disease, but there is no certainty whether they had no influenza. 
2544	19	It is hard to disagree with the WHO Director-General that by the respect that the victims of the pandemic deserve, it is necessary to know the origin of this virus so that it can be prevented from repeating such a situation. That the full truth may be reached as soon as possible, despite the political pressure and the dominant topic of polarization.
2547	1	Yes, vaccination makes sense even if the virus mutates
2547	3	You have asked us if it makes sense to continue vaccination if the virus continues to mutate and its new varieties appear, such as British or Brazilian. The truth is that the fact that new variants appear does not mean that all of them will affect the effectiveness of vaccines (in fact, most variants do not have such an effect). If this happens, preparations can be adjusted so that they do not lose their effectiveness.
2547	5	The mutation of the virus is natural. SARS-CoV-2, like any other virus, does this constantly, because during the replication of its own genetic material there are certain errors. Adelaide Sarukhan, an immunologist from the Barcelona Institute of Global Health (ISGlobal), said: “Mutations may occur randomly in any of the 30,000 nucleotide composed of the genome of the virus.”
2547	7	In the case of coronavirus, such as SARS-CoV-2 mutations are quite common. According to various estimates, they occur about twice a month. According to the research, hundreds of viral varieties have been described, the vast majority of which are dangerous, although some actually cause concern. These are variants belonging to the VoC (Variant of Concern): “B1.1.7, described in the United Kingdom, B1.351 described in South Africa, P.1 (in Brazil), Indian variant and two other variants, identified in California and New York, have similar protein mutation. It is responsible for their greater aggression, mortality and ability to overcome the natural immunity of the body or the immunity acquired through the vaccine.”
2547	9	Indian variant
2547	11	According to Sarukhan, “clinical trials and widespread vaccinations, that is, the administration of preparations to hundreds of millions of people around the world, are evidence that vaccines are very effective in protecting against the serious course of the disease, even in people infected with new varieties.” In the case of the Indian variant, “for now there is no evidence that it reduces the effectiveness of vaccines,” Sarukhan summarizes. It applies to a study that has not yet been verified by scientific journals, indicating that both Covishield and Covaxin “prove effective in neutralizing the Indian variant.” The study stressed that “a slight decline in neutralizing activity is observed,” which means that a higher level of antibodies is needed to fight this variety of virus.
2547	13	Vaccine manufacturers are working on alternatives to fight emerging viral varieties that could break the effectiveness of vaccines. Developing new preparations to adapt them to new varieties of the virus is at least nothing new or extraordinary. For example, flu vaccines must be modified every year, because old people lose their usefulness.
2548	1	Frontex: Refugees are much less than the Border Guard says
2548	3	The Polish Border Guard said it had attempted to illegally cross the Polish border with Belarus last year by more than 39,000 people. citizens of third countries. It is not true.
2548	5	There are push-backs on the Polish-Belarusian border. This means that the Border Guard, using the laws that the Ombudsman believes are incompatible with the treaties and human rights, expels refugees back to the border.
2548	7	At the same time, the Border Guard in its communication will enlarge the scale of migration on this border. And that many times.
2548	8	Gigantic Differences in Data
2548	10	In January, the Border Guard website revealed a message that Polish-Belarusian border was attempted last year to exceed 39,697 third-country citizens. These data are remarkable, since the data from Frontex, the EU agency for the external borders of the EU and its allies, show that by 2021, all the eastern land borders of the Union beyond the border crossing only exceeded 8099 third-country citizens. Five times less.
2548	12	Reporting the situation on the eastern border of the EU – and this is what Frontex’s data say – we mean more than 6,000. A kilometre line connects the border of Norway (not in the EU, but cooperates with Frontex), Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania with Russia, Belarus, Ukraine and Moldova. The Polish-Belarusian border is just a small part of it.
2548	14	A big difference in the numbers provided by Frontex and the Border Guard could mean that the Border Guard was very effective in stopping illegal crossings. But I asked both institutions to explain this difference and it turned out that the thing in something else—in something that could be either a mistake or simply a lie.
2548	15	The Border Guard
2548	17	When I asked Frontex where the differences came from – Frontex is taking the data of the institutions in the individual Member States, so they can’t get away from the national data – they answered me that the SG will give not the number of people, but the number of attempts to cross the border. After further clarification, Frontex spokesman sent me to SG.
2548	19	The meeting with the Border Guard was difficult because P.O. A spokesman for. Anna Michalska gave contradictory information. I finally got the answer to my questions in writing.
2548	21	Given the number of 39 697 people, SG did not mean the number of specific people (although she wrote in the communication that it was the number of citizens). This was the number of attempts to cross the border beyond the border crossings. What is hidden under this concept? According to the explanations of the SG, this number is included, for example, by the fact that someone stood on the Belarusian side of the border and was warned by the Polish border guards that he should not cross it, so he took away. Such a trial applies to the collection even when that person has not yet put his foot on the border.
2548	23	As SG spokesman explained to me, there could be a group of people in such cases.
2548	25	When members of such groups dispersed and tried to cross the border in smaller groups, they were counted again. When they were sent to the border, in accordance with the law and regulations adopted by the PiS government, uncompatible with the treaties and human rights, and then tried again, they were again attempts.
2548	27	The SG prosecutor informs that “looking groups,” such as those we saw in the recordings shared by the SG from Kuźnica, and persons trying to force the border, were not counted.
2548	28	Let us take an example
2548	30	Imagine a group of 20 migrants. That’s not so much – reports from the activists and the words of the border guards themselves indicate that these numbers were much higher.
2548	32	Our imaginary group reaches the border, but is still on the Belarusian side. The Border Guard warns them that they cannot cross the border. Migrants are displacing, and the Border Guard notes 20 illegal attempts to cross the border.
2548	34	This is confirmed by the statement of the spokesman of the Border Guard: “If people came under the border line and after warnings the Polish patrols renounced the transit, they were also counted,” she wrote in a mail.
2548	36	Let’s imagine that after this unprecedented trial (immigrants were not yet at the border, so what they were most targeted to the trial) the members of this group divide into smaller groups by a few people and try separately. This is what refugees and activists say about. The Border Guard will catch all and add 20 attempts again. Of the 20 people, 40 have already been tested.
2548	38	The fact that the Border Guard counted the trials in this way confirms the message from the SG spokesman: “If a person tried to cross more than one time, the next trial was counted separately.”
2548	40	From the refugees relationship we know that in many cases they tried to cross the border by 4-5 times. If the members of our example group were doing so, 20 people would be 100-120 people.
2548	42	This is the difference between the number of citizens and the trial. The calculation of the tests is also important from the point of view of statistics. However, it should be clearly stated that the number given is the number of trials, not the number of citizens or persons. The replacement of these concepts – what the Border Guard has done on its website – is either an error or a deliberate lie.
2548	43	How many people were on the Polish-Belarusian border?
2548	45	I asked the SG what nationality were the persons that the border guards arrested in 2021.I asked for data in the form of tables so that I could analyze them myself. I received, however, only a short fragment of the text:
2548	47	“In 2021, after crossing the green border with Belarus, the Border Guard arrested 2,744 migrants, mostly in the country. Iraq (1557), Afghanistan (447), Syria (269), Russia (69), Somalia (68), Iran (55), Turkey (54) and Tajikistan (51) and other citizens (single nationalities)”.
2548	49	The SG prosecutor explained that the detainees are treated only by those persons who, after contact with the officers, “contractured to guarded or open centres or transferred by the SG to open houses led by the foundations and associations.” This means that this number does not include people affected by push-backs, i.e. sent back to the border with Belarus.
2548	51	Therefore, we don’t know how many people actually tried to cross the Polish-Belarusian border beyond the border crossing. There were at least 2777 (this people were arrested by the SG and transferred to the centers). The maximum is 8099 (for the entire eastern border, Frontex indicates).
2548	53	There is a chance that there were more people. Not all officers could see it. However, it is certain that the number of attempts of illegal violations, provided on the SG website as the number of citizens, is false. The real number of people with whom the Border Guard contacted last year on the transit to Belarus is much less spectacular. And it is less suitable to support the ruling party’s theory launched by politicians that on the Polish-Belarusian border we were faced with a dangerous strike of foreigners.
255	1	Emmanuel Macron: Moravecki is interfering in French elections
255	3	French President Emmanuel Macron has accused Prime Minister Mateus Morawiecki of interfering in the French election campaign. He also responded to the criticism of Polish authorities on contacts with Russian President Vladimir Putin. He described it as “unfounded” and “scandalous.” In an interview with TF1, the French president accused the Polish Prime Minister of having repeatedly met with his main competitor for the presidential seat, Marine Le Pen. As he said, these meetings had the character of support for her ambitions on the French political scene. These comments are both unfounded and scandalous, but they don’t surprise me — he said about criticism of his telephone conversations with Vladimir Putin on the war in Ukraine. There is no discussion with criminals. Criminals must be fought. Would you negotiate with Hitler, with Stalin, with Paul Pot? He asked Moravia. I fully assume that a few years ago, on behalf of France, I was constantly speaking with the President of Russia to avoid wars and build a new architecture of peace in Europe. He said he is talking to Putin about a ceasefire, a humanitarian breakdown, as Germany's Chancellor Olaf Scholz and other European leaders do. “I think that’s my duty, without self-satisfaction and without naivity,” he added in a TF1 interview. The presidential election in France will take place on Sunday, April 10. Recent surveys show that the favorite entrance to the second round are Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. The official president can count on 25-27 percent. The votes, and its competition at 23-20 percent.
255	4	In the second round, the favorite of the survey remains Macron, but his advantage over Le Pen has begun to shrink. In the middle of March, research showed that it could count on more than 60 percent. the voices. At present, the support for it has fallen below 55%.
255	5	The potential elektorate Marine Le Pen is growing, according to the Kantar Public survey for Le Figaro. 38 per cent. The French votes for Le Pen and 39 percent. by Macron. More than 20 percent. The French still don’t know to whom to vote. The candidate is not the hard candidate of a candidate. Such persons may vote on a given person under certain conditions.
2550	1	Dr. Bogusław Rogalski: The visit of Macron, Scholz, Draghi to Kiev is a cynical pire of the heads of states who for years their policy of cooperation with Russia has grown out and pushed up Putin
2550	3	Behind the scenes, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi press Ukraine to go on withdrawals against Moscow; they want a peaceful solution that will be the most profitable for the West.
2550	5	For Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky, their visit to Kiev may be an introduction to a nightmare, the newspaper “Die Welt” commented. “Macron’s, Scholz’s, Draghi’s visit to Kiev is a cynical pire of the heads of states who for years have cultivated and inspired Putin with their policy of cooperation with Russia,” the President of the United Christian Families said in a statement. Dr. Bogusław Rogalski. “Our country has already delivered more than 2.4 billion euros of various kinds of aid and is also the European leader in the supply of weapons to the front,” the World Economic Institute in Kilonia reports in May. What is important, this amount did not include the costs associated with the reception of more than 3 million refugees. Poland is also a vice leader in the supply of weapons to Ukraine. More arms are sent to the front only by the United States (approximately 3 billion euros). On the east of Wisly, a military equivalent of about 1.5 billion euros has already arrived. The visit of Macron, Scholz, and Draghi to Kiev is a de facto pursuant to the implementation of the well-known policy of appeasement, i.e. As in 1938 Czechoslovakia was surrounded, so today France, Germany and Italy want to surround Ukraine from the territory occupied since February 24 by the military of Putin. The visit itself, however, is a PR element for citizens of France, Germany and Italy indicating the alleged commitment of their authorities to help Ukraine. The symbol of aid to Ukraine by Germany is the famous five thousand helmets. This aid still does not come specifically beyond the helmets, the missiles used in the 1980s or the vehicles produced during the Cold War from deep demobiles, says Dr. Bogusław Rogalski.
2550	9	    For the President of Ukraine, this visit was [...] pleasant. It may be (but also) rather an entrance to a nightmare.”
2550	11	Christoph B. Schiltz from Die Welt.
2550	13	    The European “three” (Scholz, Macron, Draghi) is the “three of a new coalition of real-politics” in the Ukrainian war. They say they are pragmatic, fast and – at least from the perspective of the West – the most profitable peaceful solution. They do not advocate for justice, greater security in Europe, the defense of freedom and the fundamental principles of international law.”
2550	15	The publisher evaluates.
2550	17	According to the author, “many indicates that Zelensky’s guests “serve the pleasure of the Ukrainian president, but behind the closed doors they instructed him to begin negotiations with Russia in the coming months – after the expected fall of Donbass in eastern Ukraine – and to work on a peace deal.” Schiltz notes that “Italy has already presented a lineup of the peace plan three weeks ago and increases its pace.”
2551	1	Poland must rescue Ukraine from the fate of the revolution [OPINIA] 
2551	3	It is not known whether Ukraine has any real chances to join the European Union; many experts point out that because of the interests of Germany and France, among others, it will never happen. Nevertheless, Kyiv appears to be ready to destroy the elements of the Christian order, in order only to be able to preserve the EU perspective. If this goes on, our Eastern neighbors may soon turn the country into a real landscape for the world revolution. Poland must make every effort to prevent this.
2551	5	In 2011, Ukraine signed the Istanbul Convention, a document that in theory is intended to protect persons exposed to domestic violence, and which in essence is a revolutionary outbreak, bringing the rhetoric to the legal order of LGBT environments. Despite the signing of the Convention, the Ukrainians for many years did not decide to ratify the document; without it it it could not enter into force. This has changed the outbreak of war. According to the informal information provided by the Ukrainian media, without the ratification of the Convention, Ukraine would not be able to obtain the status of a candidate for the European Union. This is probably in the hope of obtaining this status, President Vladimir Zelensky last week submitted a draft ratification of the Convention to the Supreme Council.
2551	7	On Monday, the Supreme Council made a ratification: 259 members of the Ukrainian parliament voted for, only eight were opposed. This shows that the adoption of the Istanbul Convention was actually seen as a condition sine qua non of obtaining the promise of granting Ukraine the status of candidate for the European Union.
2551	9	I will not decide here whether the Ukrainian politicians really believe that their country will truly be admitted to the EU, or rather they just want to manipulate the voter’s perspective; I also leave on the side clearly hiding behind the desire to join the EU the belief that it would have some power to “threaten” Russia and thus increase the chances of the survival of Ukrainian nationality. Decisions of the Ukrainians, motivated by fear, may be irrational. However, it is clear that some forces intend to use the ongoing war to push Ukraine towards an anti-Christian revolution. It is possible that Brussels itself ordered Kyiv to ratify the Convention. It is also possible that the government in Kiev, linked with liberals from the United States, has decided to use war chaos to carry out this change without causing greater social resistance.  
2551	11	The revolutionary forces act in the Ukrainian matter not only through the leading politicians, but also through a variety of organizations, nominally “dependent”, and in essence simply the street arm of great social engineers. This is one of the events planned in Warsaw. On June 25th, a gay parade will pass through the streets of the Polish capital, focusing both Poles and Ukrainians. The event is called “Warsaw & Kiyv Pride Marching for Peace”. This “gay parade of pride” takes place in Poland, because, as the organizers interpret, in connection with the war, it cannot take place in Kiev “in the traditional format”. That’s why the tactical environments intend to maserate just in Warsaw – for the “peace” they understand as the freedom of sexual expression in the spirit of LGBT ideology.
2551	13	The revolution is confronted with resistance. It was almost not in the Ukrainian parliament, where the Istanbul Convention was approved by a suppressing majority of votes. The Polish-Ukrainian parade in Warsaw, however, does not all like it. It has protested against its organization, for example, the Ukrainian “All Together” movement, which struggles with the promotion of the murder of unborn children and the LGBT ideology. This movement appealed to President Andrei Duda, asking him to stop the parade; as it was indicated, Poland did not allow war refugees from Ukraine to appear some of them now along with the Polish revolutionary asset in favor of the abolition of the Constitutional order in the Republic of Poland.
2551	15	And this is precisely the promotion of the LGBT ideology aimed at the family, which is the absolute foundation of the national existence and thus the foundation of the duration of the state. In his appeal, the “All Together” movement also noted that LGBT ideology has in essence common intellectual and spiritual roots with the Russian communism. Today it is rarely remembered, but this is the clearest truth: the LGBT environments are one of the elements of the entire offensive of the ideologists of the new Marxism. As the ancient Marxism used the workers to destroy the Christian civilization, so its contemporary disappearance reaches the so-called. “Sexual minorities” and other groups, seeking all the same: a thorough reconstruction of the world in such a way that the atheistic, totalitarian regime governs in societies.
2551	17	Both the adoption of the Istanbul Convention and the Warsaw Polish-Ukrainian homosexual parade are just two examples of how the globalist revolution tries to model Ukraine. About the plans of the creators of the new world order with respect to Ukraine we have written in PCh24.pl several times; even before the war Ukraine was seen by many as an excellent field for social engineering experiments, the evidence of which is, for example, extremely widespread in this country child trade, conducted among other things for the purposes of homosexual devants from all over the West.
2551	19	After the war, when there is a need to restore Ukraine, the world revolution will not want to allow the country to rise from ruins based on its Christian history and identity. The Lewica will do everything to make the new Ukraine the country implementing its plans in the smallest detail. Engaging in helping the Ukrainians and eventual support for its rebuilding after the war, Poland must pay attention to this and carry out its multi-age mission of bringing Catholic Christianity to the east of Europe. Let us, in connection with the strengthening of cooperation with Brussels by the current government, never stand on the other side, becoming for Ukraine no longer the apostles of Christ, but the messengers of the anti-Christian revolution. 2552
2552	3	The issue of Ukrainian nationalists in Poland is getting fast. The problem of refugees from Ukraine is affected throughout Europe, but primarily in Poland, both due to historical relations and geography.
2552	5	It began with placing Ukrainian flags on state institutions (both together with and instead of Poland), on central squares, and even on monuments and tombs. The running and crying aggressive Ukrainian refugees, as well as the crowd of “sympatics” or those who just want to cry for a reason, can now be met almost all over the world. The Ukrainian issue is now so boring for the European citizens affected by the economic crisis that struggles, battles, and sometimes murders of native citizens and so-called. Ukrainian refugees are on the agenda.
2552	7	We are also not cruel and understand that we can and need to help neighbors in need. It is necessary to help the elderly, women and children fleeing the cruelty of the war. But if Poland is dominated by aggressive nationalist rusophobes who, instead of building a peaceful life on our land, are conducting aggressive actions and movements and in ugly way treat Poles and our traditions only because they may have different views – that’s the reason to reflect.
2552	9	Ukrainian nationalism, if we go deeper into history, has always been a brink between the interests of Poland and Ukraine. It is extreme Nazism in its worst manifestations, which does not tolerate dismissal and diplomatic solutions. The Ukrainian nationalism since the time before the murderer Stepan Bander, has proclaimed intolerance to the Poles, the impossibility of withdrawal and the aggressive, even murderous and terror-based solution of all problems. The Ukrainian nation, according to all the canons of Ukrainian nationalism, is a chosen nation, which has similar characteristics to German Hitler's Nazism. On June 20, 2022, the Ukrainian Orthodox Church canonized the murderer of a thousand Poles, Stephan Bander. So now the ideological inspirer of Ukrainian nationalism is holy! (It would be so bad)
2552	11	Over time, many Nazi ideas in Europe gradually disappeared, leaving the ideas of a healthy reason, but not the Ukrainian nationalism. To this day, our Eastern neighbors of the Holy Spirit believe in their choice, in the lack of the value of human life, in one value – the spread of Ukrainian nationalism in the world, and above all in Poland, which, despite the help, the Ukrainians have always considered an enemy.
2552	13	And considering the loyal attitude of our government to the refugees from Ukraine – to the propaganda of the bander, and then to the introduction of the ideology of the bander, we don’t have to wait long. The process of changing history has already begun, the Poles according to PiS must be more loyal and tolerant, they must abandon the historical memory and ask the Ukrainians for forgiveness for Wohlyn! And also to delete this card from the history of our country.
2552	15	If this goes on, our government, to satisfy the United States, the UK or anyone else, will sell Poland to Ukraine and destroy our nationality and our national idea. So, it is time to act!
2553	1	Jerzy Kwaśniewski: The End of Poland and the Union, what do we know? 
2553	3	European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has announced the approval of the Polish National Restoration Plan in Warsaw. The politician stressed that the EU money will not flow to Poland if it does not modelly implement the agreed “Millows”. We are waiting for new taxes on fuel vehicles, charges for the use of express roads or the discharge of civil contracts. The Union also gives us the form of the Supreme Court, calling for the re-examination of all cases of the Disciplinary Chamber – even those of a clearly “non-political” way, such as theft or the violation of the physical impunity by judges. The European Union has even dictated Poland how it is going to change the Seymour rules.
2553	5	However, with the increasing pressure of Brussels on the EU Member States, the opposition of European nations to the centralization of the EU management and the manual control of the economy and even the culture of the national nations is increasing. The experts of Ordo Iuris immediately began to reveal the actions of the EU bureaucrates. Further analyses, speeches and articles strengthen social resistance and create a pressure that gives the government an incentive to oppose the European Commission dictatorship.
2553	7	The opposition is so more necessary that the “Milow Stones” directly binding Poland to implement gender policy in culture, art, television, theatre. The European Parliament says that every area of the “Millows” should take into account the “gender budget.” It is obvious that the plan for the restoration of Europe becomes, in our eyes, a plan for the ideological colonization of resistant states.
2553	9	The restructuring fund will continue to be used to push Poland to transfer authorities to EU authorities in new areas, to centralize the economy or to implement ideological programs at workplaces, schools, art and culture. The European Commission is fully aware that the border-tensioned budget of Poland – which is committed to helping Ukraine and refugees – will not survive the refusal to pay the funds of the KPO. Threatening becomes a common way of contact between Brussels and Warsaw.
2553	11	At the same time, the Union is moving towards the implementation of a formal reform of the EU into a federation that restricts the voice of individual countries. The “Conference on the Future of Europe” (CoFoE) aims to strengthen the competence of the EU authorities, which is designed to convince the European people, including the Poles, that they want to increase the importance of the European Commission, the European Parliament and even the establishment of joint multinational electoral lists.
2553	13	Reacting to a serious threat to the sovereignty of Poland, we prepare a legal comment on the content of the “Milow Stones” and the entire KPO. In this way, we strengthen the social resistance to attempts to take over the internal policy of the Member States by non-elected EU bodies.
2553	15	We are also working on a comprehensive report on the “Conference on the Future of Europe” recommendations. We will show in it that instead of federalizing the Union and marginalizing the national governments, the reform of the community should be aimed at strengthening the positions of the national states. In order to encourage Polish politicians and equip them with the best arguments to defend national interests, we will submit the document to the European Parliament and organise an international debate in Brussels dedicated to this important issue.
2553	17	We continue to monitor the work of the European Parliament and the European Commission to respond quickly to any threat to the Polish interests. We also continue the proceedings before the Court of Justice of the European Union, in which we struggle to revoke two resolutions that violate the good name of our Fatherland and the Ordo Iuris Institute itself.
2553	19	Only our experts have enough knowledge, experience and independence to measurably and faithfully resist the harmful dictates of the European Commission. The introduction of our arguments into the public debate will provide an effective emphasis and support for the government that has to conduct negotiations with Brussels.
2553	21	If today we do not strongly oppose the construction of a centralized and ideological supremacy of Europe, the end of Poland and the Union, which we know, will soon come. In their place, a centralized political mole is born, driven by radical ideologies and economic utopies.  
2554	1	 Jan Wudkowski: Poland, inspire it! Civilization elements of reforms for Ukraine 
2554	3	The end of the armed actions against Ukraine will not mean the expiration of the conflict with Russia. Historiozof Feliks Koneczny described the competition of various principles of civilization in Eastern Europe. This unique analysis a few decades ago could still help to understand the ideological motives of the Russian attack, as well as be an inspiration for developing a warily development model for Ukraine. With an open window of history, I would like to bring the reader the perspective of the Final. I will present elements of reforms that could end Ukraine's return to the West.
2554	7	The establishment of new relations with Russia by the EU and the Anglo-Saxon countries, as well as the restoration phase of Ukraine, to which, so far, will cover a complex of dimensions: political, military, economic. In my comment, I will focus on the references to the cultural and religious specifics, which Prof. Konjny for Eastern Europe has geniusly read.
2554	11	The Polish public debate on the conflict between Kiev and Warsaw, (for example, the exciting article of Mark Buddhis on the possibilities of the federation of two countries in the future), focuses on the retorics of the system of forces in Europe, which defines the military, territorial and economic resources. The conclusion of the discussion is, in my opinion, the civilizational and cultural foundations. As Prof. Finish has shown, they are of great importance. I will try to argue – giving a theoretical background in four short sections – that sustainable peace in Eastern Europe should be contributed by years of mental and cultural change. The strategy for the implementation of civilizational reforms could also be the basis for strong cooperation between Ukraine and Poland.
2554	15	The Final Desert
2554	19	The historic who came from Krakow, for several decades of work, created the original comparative science of civilizations, to which an important step was his habilitation from the history of Eastern Europe (in 1920). The contribution of the Polish academic lecturer differs from the vision of Samuel Huntington or how the Russian thinkers themselves see their Eurasian or Pan-Slovenian role in civilization (Jablonski, 2014).
2554	23	The final defined civilization as “the method of organizing social life.” It includes m.in. Ethical principles, legal system, power division, economic relations. Civilization affects the content and depth of culture. In turn, the form of culture – architectural style, folklore, culinary, or used alphabet – does not prevail about civilizational belonging.
2554	27	The student pointed to the competition of several civilizations in Europe, primarily Turin, Byzantine and Latin. He was the promoter of the greatness and ethical primate of the latter, Western European, which — taking from Greek philosophy, Roman law and Christian ethics — is, according to the Last, the long-term fruit of the activity of the Catholic Church.
2554	31	The various influences of civilization in the “Russian peace”
2554	35	Prof. Koneczny defined the dominant method of organizing social life in Russia as the Turan civilization. The name comes from the Persian word “turan”, which defines the region of Central Asia – the Great Step. The main characteristics of the archetype of the Turanian civilization are among others. The militarism of the social organization and the nationalism based on private law, which can be understood as the public institutions, and in principle also the society, are treated as a particular property of the absolute ruler, e.g. Chana or Tsar. The final statements help to explain, for example, the practice of foreign policy of Russia, whose objective, contrary to the Western countries, does not have to be national interest.
2554	39	The historian justified that over the Volga have been competing with the ideological influences for centuries. However, the Russian Empire remains a strange civilizational curve toward the West. His bone was more durable than m.in. The ideology of communism.
2554	43	A scientist from Krakow consistently emphasized that there are civilizational differences between the Russians and the Russians. Kiev Russia, Hetmanat Kozacki or modern Ukraine are examples where a different mentality, and thus the method of organizing social life, exploded. The decisive and extremely solidary reaction of the Ukrainians to the aggression of the neighbor in 2022 shows that the concept of “Russian peace” (de facto imperial doctrine) abstracts from the harsh civilizational realities of the region.
2554	47	The Importance of Moral and Religious Dimension for the Future of Ukraine
2554	51	“Eastern societies generally divide only through religion,” the historian researcher of the history of this part of Europe concluded (Finecny, p. The scientist noted that the Eastern societies never rose from the moral decline in a different way than they had initially reformed their religious organization.
2554	55	In Ukraine there are tectonic changes in the structure of the Orthodoxy, although it is hard to predict what the doctrinal and social effects they will bring. Until recently there was divided into three Orthodox Churches (including one “Promoskews”), to which the majority of Christians in the country belong. In the breakthrough 2019 two church institutions united, forming the united Orthodox Church of Ukraine (PKU). During the war, the situation has accelerated dramatically. Hundreds of communities (parishes) and thousands of faithful leave structures recognizing the sovereignty of the Moscow Patriarchate by passing to the PKU. The process is complex (Horny, 2022) and it also encounters opposition from the doctrine faithful of Moscow, as well as the Kremlin influence agents.
2554	57	Priesthood in Ukraine, along with the breakdown of bonds with Moscow, should gain greater autonomy than the secular power. Such autonomy is characteristic of the Latin civilization, and impossible in the Turanian (the phenomenon can be attributed to a justification in the Revelation – priests must first and foremost be faithful to the law of God).
2554	61	Could Poland, in accordance with the Final Guidelines, contribute to the support of moral and religious transformations in our neighbor? It seems that the arrival of millions of refugees to our country has already taken the hearts of the Ukrainians and leads to a deeper reflection on the source of the same phenomenon. Beyond the sphere of Latin civilization, it is hard to prove such a scale of solidarity of ordinary people, including the parish.
2554	65	Poland has attributes that it could offer to its neighbors when it comes to Christian ethics. (And that despite the crisis of faith and values, which is also flourishing in our country.) This is an example of the protection of life. This dimension, though due to demography (the population of Ukraine decreased after the dissolution of the USSR by a few hundred million) or psychological consequences for mothers and fathers (the so-called. The postboral syndrome should have a fundamental importance for the Ukrainian elites. Changes in Polish legislation to protect the begotten life and the organic pro-life movement in our country – the strongest in Europe, can be an authentic pattern to follow for the Ukrainians and the clergy (althoughining in Polish legislation the admissibility of abortion in case of pregnancy by rape, was revenge in times of war).
2554	69	The accepted volume of the article allowed it to only fascinate the reader how religion and ethics fundamentally influence the civilization. Further reflections, e.g. Dr. Ewy Kurek or Robert Tekieli, see attached positions in the bibliography for the interested, show that the distinct perception of God and the theological issues in the Russian Orthodoxy contribute to the consolidation of the “communal” mentality, as defined by the Final (in contrast to Catholic personality).
2554	73	Europeization of Russia by Ukraine?
2554	77	In this part of the comment I would like to discuss a short thesis, supporting it with quotes from the work of the Final “Days of Russia”, that the special civilizational impact on the Russian Empire has Kiev Russia. On the other hand, Ukraine remains sensitive to Polish and Western ideas. The thesis of the ideological intermediary to the zeuropeization of Russia seems fundamentally important to consider. Much indicates that even greater challenge than a favorable or at least acceptable military war settlement for the Ukrainian society will be the question of defending peace after its end.
2554	81	If Ukraine, despite the great difficulties of its position, would develop an attractive civilization model in the restoration phase, then the Kremlin elites will look at the actions of Kiev – “the mother of all Russian cities” with great attention. This is why the power of the strong, read also the imperial self-destruction, is a civilization method that can be effective with large own resources. It does not happen in itself, however, when in Russia it is necessary to find a way for moral renewal, improving demography and solving the material problems of ordinary family.of. Finchny noted that the Russians had a lot of trouble at various occasions to understand the foreign thought: Western-European concepts, taken without the mediation of the southern Russia, and even Poland, made a reversal and caused disorganization (Finchny, p. Nowadays, in the times of the great crisis of the transatlantic world’s culture, the explanation of the benefits that the principles of the “mighty West” offer is a particular challenge. It seems that a predestined translator, to show what good comes from the foundation of Latin civilization, must be for Russia the Ukrainian elite.
2554	85	The cultural rebirth in the Turanian civilization could only come effectively from the same source from which it came out before: from the southern Russia. The direct Polish influences were excluded for religious reasons, and the cultural gap was too large (Fineczny, p. Of course, the social situation, to which the final referred to analyzing relations in the mid-17th century, will be substantially different from the present. The illuminated Russia of the 21st century, cheating down the Soviet Union, tries to neglect the Ukrainians by treating their culture as lower. On the other hand, it is still necessary to look for the key to the zeuropeization of the Russian soul, which is inevitably linked to the false narrative, which is deconspired by facts on the front and the heroic attitude of Ukrainian soldiers. Work in the historical, religious and ethical field, the development of the Ukrainian culture, (which should also be supported among the refugees), is important here in the long run.
2554	89	The need for organizational and intellectual efforts
2554	93	As a result of the military invasion, there has been an unprecedented potential for civilizational transformations in Ukraine for centuries. Kiev has shown that he has autostorable elites (previously dissolved were among others. As a result of the communist cleansing), which by their actions raise respect in most of the world’s salons. Over Dnieprus there is also an accelerated deviation from the Russian culture, producing an ideological vacuum. In the cementing idea of the Ukrainian people, great expectations, energy and the spirit of consecration were burned.
2554	97	There is a favorable atmosphere to undertake widespread talks about the war period, as the governments and institutions of our countries have gained awareness of a particular unity in the dimension of the security architecture of the region. Ukraine has been granted the EU candidate status, and integration processes should also be considered in a wider, European scope.
2554	101	If the Ukrainian elites agreed that the acceptance of the elements of Latin civilization serves the good of their people, and these principles entered into strategic thinking, it would be a much more sustainable basis for cooperation in the so-called area. It is more than the democratically changing politicians or the beautiful gestures of the decision makers, like the decision of the Lion to cast up the stone lions on the Orląt Cemetery.
2554	105	Poland could engage in promoting the understanding of Civilization according to the Final Abroad, taking advantage of the talents of our great historians (to which you could call a special team). Foreign activity should be preceded by contacts with the Ukrainians, listening openly to their voice on many matters, as well as the thought of the scientists who constructively polemize with the Final.
2554	109	Fortunately, the work of history has already been translated into English, and the challenge remains to reach its message to the public in the Anglo-Saxon countries and the European Union, including the Triangle Area. This would show the international public the possible elements of building peace in our part of the continent.
2554	113	The promotion of the Final Scientific Council, as well as the inspiration of it in the discussions on the future model of development of Ukraine, appear to be a very big task (which also encourages the attempts of internal reforms in our country, if the Poles are to be authentic promoters of these ideas).
2554	117	However, the external situation, that is, the spectrum of World War III, may help that the decision makers of the West do not interfere with the ideally forming of the Mediterranean layer by the people of the region. There is no certainty here, considering the emerging differences in interests and the strong influence of different ideologies on politicians, but there is a cautious chance.
2554	121	I want to leave the reader with the question: can Poland desert from its curved civilization mission in the East? I believe that not taking efforts to Europeise Russia is not only a minority, but also a great risk. The Russian Federation, as many experts argue, in how many years it will move to another, even greater conflict, seeing in Poland a supporter of the system of forces in the region. “Lacinization” of Ukraine, following the Final Guidelines, can be a key step in ensuring civilizational peace in our part of the continent, which will spread further to the east.
2554	125	I would like to end my comment with reference to the religious perspective. He understood it well and was able to draw conclusions from it during the Cold War John Paul II. Christians, reinforced by the March act of sacrifice of Russia and Ukraine to the Infinite Heart of Mary, should remain in the unmistakable hope that they are not alone in the struggle for good and truth.
2555	1	Macron, Scholz, Draghi and Iohannis with a visit (international tour) to Ukraine. It’s not like another day in theatre.
2555	3	Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky met on Thursday (16-06-2022) in Kiev with French President Emmanuel Macron, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghim and Romania President Klaus Iohannis. Officially, this international meeting was an expression of solidarity of European leaders with Ukraine and the Ukrainian people.
2555	5	"Dear Reader, this exhaustive image of Emmanuel Macron's kissing Pope is a very strong image that triggers a dresh, because the satan's speech comes to the ear of his victim before he ""burns and eats."" I have exactly the same feeling when I look at Macron, who with such a “bad smile” adheses to the face of Ukrainian President Zelensky, and Zelensky looks as if he liked it very much."
2555	7	“A funny thing” in this war in Ukraine, so it seems very friendly to “visitors”, it’s an unprecedented situation throughout the history that we know. Look, Bono and U2 can come and show when the bombs fall, Nancy Pelosi and her servants can come and leave as they like, as is with many “stars and stars of modern times.”
2555	9	And now Emmanuel Macron (including to capture his notes) turns as if he was the owner of the whole of Ukraine. Don’t understand me wrong, because people in Ukraine are dying and we’re faced with a great tragedy, a huge suffering and in principle we don’t know what awaits us in the future and what possible escalation can still happen, but these “international Vip’s trips” to the country under the war and their “neutrality”, this “universal fun”, that’s very strange. It’s not like another day in theatre, don’t you think?
2555	11	    “Macron, Scholz and Draghi, representing the three largest economies of Europe, went together to Kiev with a special night train supplied by the Ukrainian authorities. President Klaus Iohannis from Romania – which border with Ukraine and was a key destination for refugees – arrived with a separate train.
2555	13	    The meeting with Zelensky has a great symbolic importance, taking into account that Western European powers are confronted with criticism for the lack of weapons to Ukraine, which Kiev has requested.”
2555	15	    The Times of Israel.
2555	17	Another remarkable thing is the fact that Emmanuel Macron, in response to the question of his earlier observations that Russia should not be punished, said: “France is next to Ukraine from the first day.” The “international journey” visit took place when Russian forces increasingly emphasized the offensive in eastern Donbass, slowly but systematically gaining the advantage over the poorly occupied and armed Ukrainian forces.
2555	19	However, it has not passed many hours since the end of the visit here the “international journey” of Macron and his companions to Ukraine, and the media began to appear information that the real purpose of the visit was to encourage Ukraine to give up and give up to Russia what it demanded from the very beginning. The difference, however, is that in the beginning it was enough to give up and so already lost Crimea and so-called rebelled republics.
2555	21	Today, however, we must give Crimea, the so-called rebelled republics, which are part of the east and south of Ukraine, so that Ukraine will lose access to the sea and this will lead to the collapse of the country. Well, and of course, let’s not forget about thousands of innocent victims, namely women, mothers, wives, fathers, men and children. And the fundamental question arises: “Will it be worth waring with Russia if from the very beginning Germany and France were on the side of Putin?”
2555	23	Ukraine could not win this war and it could not win. If you cannot fight like a lion, you must fight like a lion. Unfortunately, Ukraine has suffered numerous subjects and went to this war, bringing the whole country into ruins and losing much more than it could win. John Paul II said, “There are no winners and no winners in the war, only people are killed.” I also call on the Polish rulers, let Poland be the first to help but the last to enter the war!
2557	1	Really honest.
2557	3	The end of history? Because everything is already established, the world is divided into influence zones and nothing can change it? This is Fukuyama's way of thinking from 1992 and unfortunately popular. It was the same before. Maybe it’s worth “looking out” at least for the last 100 years?
2557	5	The fact that the white man “civilized” “dishes” and “on occasion” exploited in a completely non-civilized way, earned seemed obvious and unchanged. Most of the “illuminated” were enthusiastic about unlimited and unthinkable sabarism.
2557	7	The Germans have been working with Russia for many years and everyone — except the Poles — was pleased. Such a great success is to share a huge, populated country, which was a dangerous competition for each of them with this unnecessary freedom of its own — except for the Poles. And for the Germans and the Russians, the most important thing is the “order”, that is, one ruler who decides about everything – including the life of others. Sometimes only taking into account the opinions of the “illuminated”. Which of the “civilized” Europeans could agree to the free choice of the king. In 1767 the famous Volter as “Professor Bourdillon” wrote in “Letters Against the Poles” that Poland was “a sick man of Europe.”
2557	9	Interestingly, the material for the text Wolter received from the Russian ambassador in Hague Alexander Woronkov, the money too. The king of Prussia came out of his pocket. Someone once said that prostitution is not a profession, but a character, and I have the unbeatable impression that he was right.
2557	11	It is known that France is Liberté, Égalité and Fraternité meaning Freedom, Equality Brotherhood. But without exaggeration. Involved in colonies this was no longer concerned and, of course, the continuously disobedient and catolic Poles. So let the Germans and the Emperor take on each other this “trick” of Polish civilization by dividing their country among themselves. There will be order. Only the Poles were constantly rebelled, not wanting to forget the lost freedom.
2557	13	But the Germans were not satisfied, they had so little colonies, and they “depended” more. Of course, the “guilt” were countries that had them more, but did not want to withdraw.
2557	15	The explosion of the war, later called the Great, surprised everyone. Russia this time appeared against the Germans probably not too much to grow into force becoming a threat.
2557	17	The effect is known — Germany won in the West and without the intervention of the United States and other Anglo-Saxon countries would probably win. In the east, the Bolsheviks showed a momentary aberration. Only their journey to the west to the recently rebelled Poland and the pogrom that met them from the hands of the Poles changed the “save” in Europe. The President of the United States, Wilson, also called for the right to self-establishment of nations and the creation of many national states.
2557	19	Again, many seemed that after such great destruction and the extermination of millions of people there would be peace for many years. But the Germans could not agree with the defeat. They “require” more. The Germans were “hurt”. In the peace treaty, in addition to repairs for France, they were prohibited for example. possession of tanks.
2557	21	The outcome was to establish cooperation with the famous Eastern friend, though with the new name of the USSR. The Rapallo Agreement of 1922 is a military-economic agreement that allows Germany to build and exercise tanks and acquire cheap raw materials, and Russia access to technology. The error of 1914 was corrected. The “Great” power agreement was neglected. This encouraged Germany to increase demands and, as a result, in the 1938 Monaco Treaty, the “great powers” for the preservation of peace agreed to join part of the territory of Czechoslovakia to the Third German Empire. We already know that the appetite of an aggressor cannot be satisfied with disadvantages. What about the other’s cost, because as you know, “the appetite grows as you eat.” Poland did not withdraw from German demands, knowing that it will only encourage it to escalate. Germany and Russia needed a common border and agreed, attacking and occupying Poland in 1939. Without any obstacles, Russian raw materials were transported to Hitler's Germany, helping in the attack on Western Europe. It seemed that such mutually beneficial cooperation between Russia and Germany would last long.
2557	23	We know that it was different and that it was another strategic mistake of Germany. Again the cooperation of the Anglo-Saudis broke down the desires of the Germans — the second war has already been lost. Another massive destruction and millions of victims. After a second solid strike between the eyes, even the idiot will draw conclusions of what not to do to avoid it. The Germans are not stupid. In the economic and military age, Germany will always lose with the Anglo-Saxon coalition. In cooperation with Russia? It has always been beneficial for both sides. In Russia, since the rule of the Mongolians, Qingis Khan through the subsequent tsars, man was only a slave, used to the time of the grace of the Lord — the owner of the state. But a rabbi who could have his own slaves and from this take some sort of pleasure and pleasure. As one of the Russian poets wrote – “I am a slave, but the emperor of the universe” – a little exaggerated, but the desire will never be missing.
2557	25	It can be used. The Germans give technology, Russia millions of slaves and thieves to conquer, and cheap raw materials. And then?
2557	27	"Exactly 12.02.2007 — it was just 15 years ago in Munich (return!) Russia's new Tsar Putin rejected the European security architecture from the times after the ""cold war"". Uninterrupted and without discussions. But like Hitler, almost no one believed it."
2557	29	Someone who warned was at least a “zoological rusophob”. The popular was someone about whom in the German press was written that “for Chancellor Merkel it is cheap and easy to grow.” In Russian it is written “Our man in Warsaw”. Does anyone remember it? And who is it talking about?
2557	31	The Hitler-Stalin Pact (called Ribbentrop – Molotov) allowed the Germans to attack Poland, and later the rest of Europe. Without the Anglo-Saxon intervention it could have been so long.
2557	33	"The Merkel-Putin pact was intended to facilitate the introduction of ""Russian peace"" in Ukraine, and the German ""bestellen"" - order in Europe. Russia without Ukraine will never be a power, and it knows it. He will do everything possible to this. The car does not hide it."
2557	35	Germany does not hide its “patronate” of all Europe with France as a junior partner. In the past, German tanks and soldiers were too few. What do you do to build the 4th already? Instead of physical force, the “fortress” as he said was the “fortress”.
2557	37	This time, other countries should be dependent on each other. and energy. The best of all, of course, is under the top of the no doubt the word “save the world” from the greenhouse effect. Europe emits up to 8% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Instead of burning coal and other mines in power plants, gas should be burned (it is not a mines and does not give a greenhouse effect?). The gas must be brought from the friendly Russia—their capital for weapons. We will distribute it to the rest of Europe and make money on it. The rest will be able to choose — obedience or lack of supply. As in a “real” democracy, everyone has a choice.
2557	39	Russia will be able to do what it likes the most — to use soldiers against the disobedient. They will also have a choice — obedience or death and destruction.
2557	41	In Russia, they always said, “We have a lot of people.” Whoever counts how many tens of thousands will die, whoever remembers millions of deported to Siberia, death and suffering — this is only statistics. The Russian army is the only one that uses the German invention, this time the mobile (self-made) crematorium.
2557	43	It may be worth using the knowledge known for about 2500 years. “The Art of War” (Sun Tzu) is a Chinese war development written in the 6th century BC by Sun Zi. Does the strategy described there have any meaning now? We are already in the 21st century.
2557	45	How to get a neighboring kingdom with a small amount of strength? Recommendations are banally simple. To destroy a portion of the population, the more the better. Be convinced that any resistance is impossible and will only lead to cruel revenge. That it is better to give up and preserve life and at least a portion of the property rather than to lose everything. It’s best to use this local elite, part to recover, promise new and greater privileges from the new ruler. Whether they get it is another matter, it is important to believe. The expenses will be reimbursed several times after receipt. Other people are scared of murder. They lose only a portion of their assets, but they keep their lives.
2557	47	This was effectively implemented, for example. Chongqing Chan. After achieving the first settlement or city, the majority ordered to die, leaving it alive and leaving a small portion. They subsequently disclosed the news of what they met, and every next city or settlement mostly surrendered without struggle. If not acted again without compassion as before. In a relatively short time, the view of the Chana troops itself caused panic and surrender without fighting.
2557	49	"In order for Germany to be able to “manage” an already united Europe in the form of a federation or with any other label, it is necessary to neutralize the most “unprecedented element”. The United Kingdom has already had a fairly impeccable and impeccable arrogance of EU bureaucracy, and has left the EU. Poland remained impatient. For the local “elite” part, a financial variant was applied. Who remembers the so-called “Moscow loan”? As Paul Piskorsky wrote and said, his Liberal-Democratic Congress was formed for the German CDU’s money imported in the pockets. Later, the KLD was awake and his party gained power. The new Prime Minister of the Republic of the Republic was ""for Chancellor Merkel cheap and easy to cultivate"". As the “King of Europe” he also earned their graces. In fact, he earned and gave an example to other similar labyrinths. There are other ways. No one takes money in his suitcases. There are paid lectures, publications carried out by the foundations not only German but also Russian, e.g. The Gazprom. And after the end of the term of political power the functions of directors in different companies or foundations, but to obtain them you need to “servise”. The rest of the “friends” only see that it will be paid to them—as once Wolter or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. It is only necessary to have a “suitable” character. Journalists are also looking for remuneration — some pay so they write as they do. There are different types of “authorites” paid from the hour of actress and actors, writers and other “sellebrites” talking about themselves, for example. and doupiage."
2557	51	That’s why everyone has something called a healthy sense so that they don’t be “reliated”, either “scrumbled” or “scrumbled” on the dust. Especially because their trials are quite primitive and easy to recognize. Shame to admit the mistake. It is even bigger in it.
2557	53	Everything went perfectly, but suddenly in 2015 the German-Russian lock in Poland lost power. Instead of liquidating the army began to invest in new equipment, increasing the army’s number.
2557	55	Suddenly ( On 24 February 2022, the wilderness from the east again shrinked the sheep and plan of Merkel—Putin after 30 years in a viewing way and very intentionally “taken into his lips.”
2557	57	As the Ukrainian ambassador in Berlin said, the German ministers said — you don’t deserve to help because in three days you lose (this was the agreed plan?). Ukraine has been defending for more than three months. The struggles are cut off. Ukrainians and heroes. The Russians are criminals and thieves.
2557	59	Ukraine is struggling not only for its own independence, but also for other countries in Poland. The Russian wolf does not hide that after the victory in Ukraine – what God gives – will never happen, the next will be Poland.
2557	61	We have to be armed and we do that, but we need time to buy – military equipment must be produced and soldiers to be educated. It costs, but less than the occupation we know too well.
2557	63	Again, as in the case of world wars, the support of the Anglo-Saxon coalition is necessary. They draw conclusions. It is better to send weapons and other equipment than soldiers. Ukraine can even expose a MILLION ARMY, but they need a lot of good weapons and time to train soldiers. Then they win.
2557	65	Poland does what it can, sends weapons, trains soldiers. Germany and France are providing verbal support. They say that Russia should not offend. So what — Ukraine is going to give up? Will they be able to return to interests with Russia? Is it absolutely irrelevant that on the other side of the “business” there will be criminals, mass murders and thieves? What about the European values that Poland has been teaching for years? Would the example of Wolter be up to date? What if the Ukrainians are losing? I know. Those who will be able to escape to the West will do this in a even greater scale, even a few millions. Siberia will receive a few million dollars. A few million people will be killed, the survivors will be slaves and rebels to the new army that attacks Western Europe.
2557	67	It’s hard to negotiate with a criminal. With someone new? What if he was a famous oppositionist?
2557	69	O yes. Even the Anglo-Saudis would accept it, and for the Germans and the French it would be a salvation. What about the fact that Navalny does not hide at all that he is an imperialist not worse than Putin, that he would also want Russia to border with the country he wants to border with. Again the “light” opportunity to do interests — Russia’s money for weapons, Germany’s cheap gas and oil. the dream.
2557	71	Nawalny from Putin is different — only and exclusively — in his relationship with corruption. Nawalny wants to fight her to have more cash on weapons. Putin allows that, as in the art of Gogol “Rewizor”, everyone could steal, but WEDLUG RANGI.
2557	73	But I would rather that the Russians spend as much as possible on yachts, property, cars and other duperels than on weapons.
2557	75	Of course, not all Russians are “the missing fire in the theory of human evolution.” They are honest and very courageous, for example. Members already banned. They are very few and either they have left Russia, they are in prisons, or they are dead.
2557	77	Poland has already received more than 3 million women and children mainly, men are needed in Ukraine. What support have we received from the EU? Turkey received approximately 6 billion euros from the EU for refugees, Poland 0 ( literally zero). We have another debate about the non-respect of the rule of law where — in Russia? No in Poland. The impunity led by the Germans (and also funded by the Russians) Eurocrats is already so large that they have regarded our Constitutional Court as incompatible with EU law!
2557	79	What will be next? Could the result of the elections in which Law and Justice win also be considered illegal? Maybe it’s not the end to finally get what the German tanks want to send, and how will they be too little to ask for the support of the Russian Satrap? Nothing can no longer be excluded. For their maniacal sense of superiority, Germany has already sacrificed many millions of people, some more is just statistics.
2557	81	If necessary, the Court of Justice of the EU will intervene (named I don't know why). The judges appointed by politicians are removed from any assessment. Can they meet in France or elsewhere in castles and other properties at a price of €10,000 a day and more with anyone, sponsors, EU officials, and no one about it? This was written by the French press, it was supposed to be a continuation, but it has not yet happened. All costs related to the work of the TS EU are unclear, it is unknown how much they earn. No one is checking whether they have other income because it would be questioning independence and independence. “Remember and try” – for which in PRL it could have been counted even a few years behind the crates. It may also happen in the EU, since the plebs have to listen and perform the commands of the “illuminated,” rather than ask and ask something there.
2557	83	The plan to subordinate Ukraine to the Russian barbarians fell from the will of the Ukrainians. The plan to subordinate Poland to the EU officials quite “accidentally” from Germany is still being implemented with the great support of Polish members and various other local paid “illuminated” members. It will fall by the Poles. The Germans ruled all over Europe, and they lost. Germany wants to dominate Europe again and they will lose again.
2557	85	In 1920, Poland fought with the Russian degenerates alone. We took the beasts from the east. We will never forget the supply of ammunition from Hungary or the support from France (how would it be now?) involvement of American volunteers. At that time, Ukrainian soldiers under the command of Ataman Petlura also fought on our side. It is a shame that there were so few of them, if then the Ukrainians fought for their freedom in a large number could rescue free Ukraine.
2557	87	We know that the imperial ambitions of the wolves from Germany and Russia will last long. We are waiting for a long struggle. They are constantly sincere. We win!
2557	89	Congratulations to all those who struggle for freedom in Ukraine and Belarus.
256	3	"The Constitution of Ukraine states that the natural resources of Ukraine are the property of the nation. This was repeatedly addressed by the critics of the overtaking of natural gas, coal and mines by the narrow circles of the oligarchs, who built on them their raw and energy empires. In March, President Vladimir Zelensky announced the program of the “economic passport of the Ukrainian”, which in the foundation goes against these voices. “All children born in Ukraine, until the age of 18, will be able to receive funds from the use and extraction of the deposits of Ukraine, which will be deposited on their personal deposit account in the bank and after achieving adulthood will be able to be spent by them to receive higher education in Ukraine,” Zelenski described the idea of the project, convincing that “the times when there was a list of names that were considered as a Ukrainian nation and could be deposited and used by them, have ended.” According to estimates presented by the former President of Georgia Mikhail Saakashvili, who is now the chairman of the National Reform Council in Ukraine, the beneficiaries of the program could count on the payments of 15,000. The dollars. Saakashvili also explained why the circle of ""economic passports"" was limited. “There were a few plans, for example, to give to every citizen of Ukraine, but I was opposed, because 400 hryvnians per year will come out, and that’s not money and it looks like a crack,” he said. "
256	5	The law of the freezer 
256	7	The draft law on the economic passport of Ukraine, which provides for the participation of citizens in the income from the natural resources of the country, was submitted in the Ukrainian parliament earlier last year, but has not yet come to vote. The law in the foundation of the ideators is to regulate the issue of raising the living level of citizens in order to stop the flow of Ukrainians abroad, and the way to it is to create a Fund for the Future, on which accounts would be deposited 1 percent. the amount of the sale of all the mines extracted to the territory of our neighbor. These funds would apply to all Ukrainians born after 1 January 2021, who lived in Ukraine for 18 years and would be paid after they reached their full age. The law in the foundation of the ideators is to regulate the issue of raising the living level of citizens in order to stop the flow of Ukrainians abroad. According to the report, 6.3 million Ukrainian citizens have left Ukraine since 2001. In order to overcome this negative trend and to target the state’s policy to raise the living level of the Ukrainians in the country, as well as to reduce the level of poverty, Ukraine must find ways to raise the living level of the population, and one of the options is just the removal of the influences from the mines. The Fund of the Future is a legal person of public law created by the government on behalf of the state. 
256	9	Will the Ukrainian government encourage immigrants to return? 
256	11	The government would have the right to increase the percentage of the funds that would be transferred to the fund, as well as the right to further funding from the funds of the budget, which however, taking into account the state of public finances of our neighbor will still be rather unrealistic for a long time. In an analysis sent to the parliament, the Ministry of Finance noted that according to the tax code all economic entities that carry out mines, including the oil and gas industry, are already taxpayers, and in particular income tax, they also pay to the state the interest for the use of gold, and they also pay local taxes and taxes, and from state enterprises the budget takes influence also in the form of dividends. “The introduction of additional incentives will increase the tax burden of the indicated entities, which in turn will lead to an increase in the prices of mines, including natural gas, to safeguard the needs of the population,” the ministry said. The project was also critically evaluated by the Ministry of Economic Development, which also highlighted the lack of a mechanism to protect the funds collected from inflation. According to the economist Aleksieja Kuszcza, the project of the participation of the Ukrainians in the income from the use of raw materials should be approached in two stages – first it is necessary intellectual analysis, only then implementation. Kuszcz notes that Ukraine is today the only country in the world with a raw materials-based economy that has no reserve funds, which makes the economy strongly dependent on price fluctuations on global raw materials markets. “When market prices fall, the whole economy goes down in the footsteps. We never have money for structural changes. 90 per cent. Rates flow to the accounts of financial and industrial groups and the purchases of yachts, villas and houses in London,” he commented. Ukraine is the only country with a raw materials-based economy that has no reserve funds and the economy is dependent on price fluctuations in the world’s raw materials markets. According to him, the idea of the “economic passport” itself is interesting, but the reserve fund should be filled not as much with the interest itself as with the export duties, etc. from the exports of Dniepru agricultural goods and semi-fabricates of the metallurgical industry. This, on the one hand, would give in the next five years even a few tens of billions of dollars on account, and on the other hand, would stimulate the processing in the country rather than the export of raw materials. Another thing is the effective use of such money, because if – like the central bank’s currency reserves – they’ll just be on the account, then the benefits from them will be small. Investing them in dollars is to stimulate the U.S. economy and not its own – the economist says. “It turns out that we are funding the U.S. economy on the basis of our raw potential, while the raw potential of the economy is working on its strengthening. Suitable and raw dependence will only deepen. And we need to invest funds in the Ukrainian economy: to buy Ukrainian companies’ bonds, to give them loans, to secure the connection of infrastructure. It is a word to try to maximize the level of processing so that raw dependence overcomes itself.” Otherwise, the current problems cannot be solved and the export of raw materials will become a self-driving mechanism, he assessed. How much cake for everyone? Anatoly Amielin from the think tank the Ukrainian Institute of the Future calculated how much wealth belongs to one Ukrainian. The components are: agricultural land, mining deposits, forests, water, transport infrastructure, state enterprises, municipal enterprises, non-material assets – patents and inventions of the Academy of Sciences and research institutes, international assets of Ukraine, municipal infrastructure and currency-cross reserves of the central bank. Ukraine has 20 thousand. There are 117 types of mines of economic importance. Of these, 8172 deposits and 94 mines are of economic importance, e.g. Oil, natural gas, stone coal, uranium, iron, manganese, chromium and nickel, titanium, magnesium, aluminium, honey, zinc, oil, gold, silver, mercury, beryl, lit, cycone, hafn, tantal, niob, kobalt, zinc, wolfram, molibden, vanad, itr and lantanovce and german and scand. There are 2868 stations currently in use. The value of these resources ranges from $3 to $8 trillion. Amielin for its calculations accepted the lowest value of these resources. 
256	13	Ukraine – a reserve for the displaced 
256	15	The agricultural land resources, which have remained in the hands of the state, are estimated at 5 to 10 million ha (the difference is that the Ukrainian state has never carried out a total inventory of resources and the attractive resource was illegally overtaken by large land owners). The price of an hectare is 1,000. Dollars of the land resources of Ukraine are worth $5 billion. 10.4 million hectares of forest counting at the minimum European price of 4 thousand. Euro per hectare is another $47 billion. The value is 167. Kilometers of Ukrainian roads, taking into account their rate of Amielin consumption is estimated at $200 billion. Accepting for their accounts a comparison of the French energy group Électricité de France valued at $43 billion, the expert estimates that the Ukrainian nuclear energy group Enerhoatom could be worth $14 billion, the same is worth the Ukrainian transit gas pipeline network and together with other state companies it gives at least $30 billion. The value of state net assets per capita in Ukraine is 78,000. A total of $3.3 billion. This could give $150-300 billion in revenue from managing such assets, that is from 4 to 8 thousand. Dollars per citizen per year. The value of these assets is approximately $3.3 trillion. The remaining components of the Ukrainian property economically estimated failed, so it missed their value in further considerations. With the assumption that there are 41 million people living in Ukraine (the government’s estimates say 38 million) and making corrections of the value of the asset with a debt of $82 billion. The value of net assets per capita is 78,000. The dollars. The problem, however, is not in the amount of assets, but in the way they are managed, and the government’s task is to increase this value, says Amielin. A state as a stock company? Based on the estimated value of the asset belonging to the general Ukrainians and accepting the average profit of the investment funds of the order of 5-10%. Every year, the economist received a scary amount of $150-300 billion in income under Ukrainian conditions, that is, from 4 to 8 thousand. Dollars per citizen per year that the Ukrainians should obtain from their assets if the state was properly managed. Revenue obtained from professional management by national assets should be distributed between citizens in the form of dividends paid by companies in the form of a variety of target programs. In his assessment, the Ukrainians in this situation should first realize that there is no abstract state property and the state simply manages their property. The next step should be: reliable and complete inventory and the assessment of this property. Therefore, an investment strategy should be drawn up taking into account the results of the audit, for example. State agricultural land should be distributed on the basis of market principles, state enterprises managed by professional managers, infrastructure granted in concessions. Revenue obtained from such professional management by national assets should be distributed between citizens in the form of dividends paid by companies in the form of a variety of target programs. However, as self-critically Amielin notes, our neighbors have not yet passed the first of these stages – realizing that the state is their property.
2562	1	Lithuania “dusses” Russia, so in the coming weeks there is a possible escalation of war. Where is Poland in all this?
2562	3	At the time that this war in Ukraine has not yet begun, and in principle it should be written not as much war as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, so when it has not yet begun, but in principle everything was already clear, we wrote on our website that it would be better if Ukraine renounces the so-called “revolutions” in the east of the country, andins peace and the rest of the country. As it is today, all “self-thinking” see perfectly.
2562	5	The situation on the front came to such a moment that Ukraine will not only lose the east of the country, but can all cease to exist, not to mention the thousands of victims among the civilian population, the giant destruction and the flood of the various kinds of damage that the war carries with it. As St. John Paul II said, there are no winners and losers in the war, there are only killed people. These are very important words, and no one should choose war if there is another option.
2562	7	Today, so-called experts and other “genials” say that Ukraine should give up the country’s east for peace. And I wonder where were these “genials” at the beginning, when it was still possible to stop everything? At first it was for the greater good to give up those so-called “rebuilt republics”, but the option of confrontation was chosen. Today, Ukraine will lose its territory if it does not recover the already committed war damage. You should be wise before harm, not only after harm.
2562	9	What about Russia as an aggressor? What if Ukraine is a victim? What if Putin is a murderer and a bandit? I ask, what about that? I know it all, you know it all, but knowledge itself does not change anything. Only acts taken on the basis of knowledge can and change reality, protect against wars, disasters and other cataclysms. However, we know that, but “this is there in the mountain” and those so-called “major rynstock” media on “max” have warmed into the war, so that only it begins. That’s my opinion, and I add that behind all this stand “the cowboys from the U.S.”
2562	11	Putin is a rescued psychopath who, as if he didn’t look at the conflict, only waited for a betrayal, and the United States and the “helpers of the United States” gave this betrayal to Russia. The involvement of Ukraine in the NATO has begun, and here every thinker knew perfectly that Russia will never but never allow it, and will be “forced” to a military invasion and then the “war fire” will be put into motion, which de facto no one dominates and the development of which is unpredictable.
2562	13	I will once again emphasize that it was enough to give up the involvement of Ukraine in the NATO, and it was even to give up to Russia these so-called “revolutions” in the east of Ukraine, and peace would be until today. However, this has not happened. A war has begun, which can become a global conflict, and that will also mean that Poland will suffer, it remains fierce to pray that our Fatherland will remain on maps and be sovereign.
2562	15	People are dying, women, children, soldiers, men are dying, a great tragedy is happening, which we are not even able to fully capture with our minds. All of this in a very easy, so terribly easy way, could be avoided. But instead, today we continue to go to war, go to the escalation of this conflict. Beloved, Lithuania started the blockade of the Kaliningrad District, so that the Russians by land cannot supply the supplies there.
2562	17	In the Polish media appeared titles such as: “Litva dusi Russia”. In turn, the Russians speak directly about the provocation and compulsion of the creation of a “humanitarian mission” (i.e. land invasion) to the Kaliningrad District. Do you see what it leads to? Thus, instead of trying to relieve the war, to end it, it is Lithuania, Poland or the United States, seeking to escalate the conflict, so that it does not only take place on the territory of Ukraine but also spread to neighboring countries in this Poland.
2562	19	And what now? In the media they scream: “war, war, war!” the politicians of the ruling party scream: “war, war, war!” But they, in my opinion, are the first in the country to “give the foot” when the war comes to the territory of Poland, because they have money and contacts to do so. I think they are traitors. However, many and many ordinary Poles and Poles will not flee from the Republic of Poland, and instead they will see bombs exploding right next to their homes, or directly in their homes.
2562	21	They will see the death of the loved ones, hunger will look at them in the eyes, they will see blood, cry, toothbrush, great people tragedy. This is partly the way the war looks, so is it worth the way the politicians of the ruling party do? I ask if it is worth it? Unfortunately, a military attack on Poland is already possible, whether it is rocket or land. In my opinion, if such an attack should happen, it will happen in autumn or winter. That’s why today I encourage you to make the warehouses of medications and the necessary things (although power-generating aggregates).
2562	23	Let us be prepared for what may come. I can say again, but it doesn’t have to. Nevertheless, it is better to be prepared, because the politicians of the ruling party, in my opinion, do everything, and even more, to “expose Poland to a shake.” This is a great tragedy that the future generations of Poles and Poles will learn about, of course, if Poland survives what is coming. Let us pray that she survives and that God is our defense, for without Him no one or anything will protect us. Jesus blessed Poland and the people who dwell there.2563
2563	3	Today, the NATO summit begins in Madrid, the allies have to increase their rapid response forces seven times. Everyone also expects that it will be officially announced that China and Russia are enemy countries, even if euphemically taken it will be slightly different. 
2563	5	It is a strange NATO war with Russia, even if it does not formally exist. The Ukrainian-Russian war is a de facto conflict replacing the U.S.-Russian conflict, but whether or not, the participant of the armed actions has become numerous NATO member states, providing weapons to Ukraine.
2563	9	Russia openly claims to stop such a war, but NATO instead of considering it, seeks to escalate. This can be interpreted by attempts to block the Kaliningrad District by Lithuania. You can only suspect how it can end and it doesn’t look good. 
2563	13	"Russia has already announced that it will take reverse actions for the ban on the transit to Kaliningrad. Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, who after the death of Jyrynovsky, took over his work of the Kremlin threat myths, claims that they will be very hard, ""capable to cut out the oxygen of Lithuania""."
2563	17	Medvedev also fears that Sweden and Finland can easily join NATO, but Russia in this case will also be ready for reverse actions. We don’t know what it’s going to be, but it’s possible to suspect that it’s a propaganda displacement of the Iskander displacement closer to their borders. 
2563	21	The Polish government supports the aspirations of Sweden and Finland to join NATO. If NATO states agree to the accession, the consent will be expressed in the form of law and ratification. The only barrier is currently the Turkish President Recep Erdogan, who refuses to accept Sweden, which he considers as the outskirts of terrorism. 
2563	25	The top-level Turkish delegation is taking part in the summit in Madrid and Turkey, as a serious state, is not cheap to sell. In turn, Russian propaganda describes the NATO meeting as “a decision-making center to support Ukrainian nationalists.”
2563	29	According to our propaganda, the current meeting of NATO countries is intended to be a response to the challenges faced by the alliance in the past months. It has been announced that it will be discussed to increase the number of its troops in Poland to 300,000. These statements, unfortunately, indicate that we are preparing for a war with Russia, and with China. 
2563	33	At the Madrid summit, China will be announced as the main and most important rival, which will be included in the new NATO strategic document. This means that the North Atlantic Alliance will unfortunately become a tool in the hands of the United States, struggling to maintain the world hegemony. 
2563	37	"China warns NATO, claiming that it has already made enough bullying in Europe. On the other hand, the Polish authorities expect that the new strategic concept of NATO will describe Russia as an aggressor. According to the Polish authorities, you can see who and what Russia is. It was also stated that in diplomacy the word ""enemy"" should be used very carefully, so the Polish MSZ proposes the word ""opponent""."
2565	1	The mentality of the slave
2565	3	In every conflict the sympathy of the observers is on the weak side and this is completely natural. In the case of the war in Ukraine, important to the Poles are also historical issues and, in accordance with our geopolitical position, the desire to have a particular buffer before the power, which, despite many weaknesses, still remains Russia. However, the orientation in every matter from the point of view of Kiev carries a sign of aberration, which can be defined as ukrosajby.
2565	5	"During the “People’s” period, the slave mentality ordered to look at everything through the prism of Moscow’s interests. This is a colonial image, for example. Coal was sold to the USSR at 10% of the market price and it was at the time when Western recipients were ready to pay normal. How this moon economy ended, everyone knows. In 2022, the slave mentality among the rulers and audiences of the regime propaganda made it known again. Neither Russians were saved. In the matter of Volynia, anyone who reminds of this crazy cruelty is immediately scratched by the “Russian ounce”, and there are even human beings who are trying to justify the Volynic statue by the so-called “Polish occupation” and “prisonment.” Did the Poles, after the years of blows, move with seychers and witches on the Germans, the Austrians or the Russians? When the phynopols for years remained indifferent to the poverty and suffering of their peoples, after 24 February 2022, they received a pronounced “perdole” on the point of the Ukrainians. Let’s emphasize this clearly: there’s nothing wrong in helping the victims of the war, but there’s one fundamental boundary – the good of the Poles. When we read that the rulers of the III RP took a loan of €450 million to help refugees from Ukraine, and earlier Turkey simply received €6 billion from the EU to keep immigrants from Syria and other countries, then we ask where is the border of servilism and distribution for which the Polish taxpayers will pay? The war is on a small fragment of the territory of Ukraine, but the Warsaw government has decided to accept everyone and pay the social benefits reserved so far for the Polish citizens. By the end of June 2022, military aid to Ukraine from Warsaw had to exceed €1.8 billion. 230 tanks were transferred without a guarantee of ""recompensation"" for weakening their own defense capacity, as other countries did, for example. Slovakia and Czech Republic."
2565	7	For us, Polish nationalists, a sick Polish child, which requires expensive treatment, is more important than the comfort of the Ukrainians. Everyone in need is more important than the stranger. Let’s not save the world at the expense of Poland, beautifully wrote Prymas Millennium. Let’s remember the teaching of the outstanding theologist, father Jack Woronsky, on the community of blood and ordo caritatis. First and foremost, let’s take care of the hatred of ordinary Ukrainians or Russians who are not guilty of the sick “no” policy of the Polish government. We don’t care about: contacts, opinions, and back-to-back blows by Ukrainian nationalists; the well-being of TVN and TVP editors; the sympathy of the one-sided narrative of “democrats.” We have only and only national interests. Poland to be a country for the Poles.2566
2566	3	The German “Ostpolitik” life after life. Was there really a breakthrough in the Berlin politics on February 24?
2566	5	"We are changing times, orders, chancellors, even the territorial form of the state of our western neighbor - only the ""Ostpolitik"" Germany seems to be unchanged and it does not matter whether the capital is in Bonn or in Berlin. On the other hand, Russia is changing – but whether it is the Emperor’s “white Russia” or the Soviet “red Russia” (to use the concepts formulated by John Kucharzewski) or the post-communist Russian Federation of Putin, it takes a special place in Berlin’s politics. And with mutuality."
2566	7	Germany in the Service of Russia
2566	9	Where does it come from? First of all for two reasons. The first is history. The second is the belief that great states of definition should agree above the heads of smaller states, they should dictate good, and others will have to find themselves in it. One of the most prominent, but at the same time the most controversial rulers of Russia, Emperor Catherine II was born as a German, from then on in Szczecin, as Zophia Frederick Augusta von Anhalt-Zerbst. Caryca Katarzyna is an example of one of the very ages of German gremial service for the Russian state. The German people and their children remained generals and governors in the 18th and 19th centuries. They served the Russian state, but did not forget the roots. After all, the enemy of Russia was Napoleon and the Poles, not the Prussia. Is the association of native Germany with the Russian state becoming a programmatic anti-polonism? This was what she had to say about the Poles to her Foreign Minister Nikita Panin, Emperor Katarzyna: “It is necessary to dissolve this nation from the inside, to kill its morality. If a body cannot be made, at least it must be made to be like a sick, sick and sick in the leg... It must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected, it must be infected. They must be broken up in such a way that they divide and sharp, always somewhere looking for an arbitrator.” The authorship of these words is attributed to Germany, which ruled Russia and led to the three divisions of Poland, although she had not only a romance with a Polish diplomat, later King Stanislav Augustus, but also had a child with him, the daughter Anna Piotrown, officially recognized by her husband Catherine Peter III (this matter was the secret of the Polishinel, and the tsar himself was so angry that he wanted to resolve the matter by the so-called. The Secret Office.
2566	11	"In the great British fabular film ""The Last Tsars"" about the end of the Roman dynasty, a real scene is shown when the wife of the last Tsar of Russia Mikhail Romanov - Alexander Romanov or Victoria Alicja Helena Ludwig Beatrici from Hesji-Darmstadt, also born as a German, asks in 1914 his husband not to go to war with Germany. She thought it would be not only her personal misfortune, but also a drama for both countries. Therefore, the same thought was the famous Rasputin, who wanted to remove the emperor from that intention. It’s just a big reminder that the Russian rulers born in Germany remained somewhat loyal to their first homeland."
2566	12	New times - the old order or Berlin included in the politics of Moscow (and vice versa)
2566	14	During the time of the German Federal Republic later converted into the Federal Republic of Germany and the co-existence of two German states belonging to two different political blocs, the axis of Bonn’s policy was such establishment of relations with the Soviet Union to ensure Moscow that the Western Germany, despite possession of American military bases as the result of the American occupation of the German state after World War II – will never be just a card in the geopolitical background of Washington. Contrary to the stereotype, not only the social-democrats, though just they dealt with it especially, as Willi Brandt and Helmut Schmidt (I met him after years in Hamburg at the conference on which I spoke as the Minister of the Polish Government), but also the Chades of the CDU and CSU implemented the policy of special relations with Moscow. They were far from the “Cold War” and close to the “appeasement” in the style of her Royal Bridge Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain’s policy against Germany in the late 1930s. This was a political thought, because, for example, The Swedish Germans, the German minority in the USSR, the Germans in Kazakhstan had their own schools, and their children could learn their native language – unlike the Poles. Bonn thus also gained liberalization in relations with the second, communist German state – the NRD, which guaranteed, though partially, the so-called The actions of uniting families, i.e. consent to a very limited or selective, but emigration to the RFN, but no longer guaranteed the avoidance of spying by the “red Berlin” – “capitalistic Bonn”.
2566	16	The political goal of the NRF/RFN elite was, of course, the unification of the two German states. However, it did not succeed because of the soft “Ostpolitik” only the “cold war” imposition of the Soviet Russia arms race by the US.
2566	18	After the collapse of communism of 150 million people and therefore a massive market, the Post-Soviet Russian Federation was a great opportunity for the German economy. Berlin has taken advantage of this opportunity by providing special relations with the Kremlin. He was first a beneficiary of the weakness of the Russian state in the time of Boris Yeltsin, and then the fact that Putin could be spoken in German. Germany’s policy was largely involved in Russia’s policy. In the past thirty years, Moscow has unspectially wanted to negotiate with the European Union, which has replaced the EEA: it has preferred to negotiate bilaterally with the largest countries in Western Europe, first with Germany and France. The “Great” and the “Great” have successfully pledged for years that it is necessary to create such a European “balance of power” to guarantee the interests of Moscow, Berlin and Paris.
2566	19	Have they been, are and will be together?
2566	21	Characteristically, the policy of close relations between Moscow and Berlin continued even after February 2014, when Russia took the Crimea from Ukraine, and in fact also Donetsk and Lugansk. Non-consistent sanctions have been introduced, not deep, and the case of exclusion of Russia from the SWIFT system has not been taken at all. Every six months the European Council, headed by Germany, unanimously extended the sanctions against the FR, but it was a special theater, because behind its scenes Belin built the North Stream with Moscow and neutralized Ukraine with France in the unclean Normandy Formate, which actually served Russia to prepare for war.
2566	23	Characteristic that at this time Germany, along with France, but also with Italy, blocked in 2008 the Polish-American initiative, the album at the Summit in Bucharest to present a “road map” for Georgia’s accession to the North Atlantic Pact. The Germans skillfully played the “human rights” card to put under control the post-Soviet states who wanted to get out of the Kurats of Russia or at least reduce their dependence on it, such as Ukraine or Azerbaijan, and then Kazakhstan. Thus, Berlin de facto guaranteed Moscow the status quo and the preservation of influence. Even now (sic!) This policy is continued in the context of Georgia and its refusal to grant its status as a candidate for the EU.
2566	25	This last example shows that contrary to some “Ostpolitik” analysis, Germany did not die on February 24, 2022, but changed some shape. It is always about the same thing. This can be summarized by the words of the comedy author (just!) Mikhail Gogol, a Russian writer, although born in a Polish family legitimizing herb Jastrzębiec, as Mikhail Janowski, who wrote: “Old has not yet died, new has not yet been born, but both threatened to the living” (257).
2567	3	British General Patrick Sanders is convinced that we are now in the same place where Europe was just before the beginning of World War II. “For all my years in the uniform I have not experienced such a clear threat to the principles of sovereignty and democracy and freedom to live without fear of violence,” she said.
2567	5	The highest-ranking British general compared the Russian invasion of Ukraine to the aggression of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler before World War II. He emphasized that all forces should be mobilized to prevent the expansion of a war on Europe.
2567	7	“Now, as then, our elections will have an unproportionate impact on the future,” General Staff Chief General Patrick Sanders said during a speech at a London conference.
2567	9	"""This is our moment of 1937, we are not in a war state, but we have to act quickly in order not to be trapped into it by leaving to stop territorial expansion,"" he added."
2567	11	Sanders expressed his belief that the world is experiencing a period of history as significant as the one that led to World War II before the Nazi war machine launched a total war and occupied the majority of Europe. The general said the British army is not mobilizing to trigger war, it is mobilizing to prevent it.
2567	13	“For us, the vision of a European land war is not just a remote vision of the storm cloud horizon, we see it now,” he said.
2567	15	“Thro my years in uniform I have not experienced such a clear threat to the principles of sovereignty and democracy and freedom to live without fear of violence as the ongoing war of Russia in Ukraine and the expansionist ambitions of Russian President Vladimir Putin,” Sanders added.
2567	17	His attention appears in the moment that some world leaders go to Madrid for the upcoming NATO summit. The military alliance announced on Tuesday that it will increase the number of its fast-reaction units from 40,000. to 300 thousand. The Soldiers.
2567	19	Meanwhile, Russia gradually conquers further territories in Donbass in the eastern part of Ukraine, where the war has become a scene of moving fronts, artillery exchanges and counterfeit.
2568	1	Macron's talks with Putin. The reason for the invasion of Ukraine
2568	3	“President, Europe and War” is a French document that shows the scenes of Emmanuel Macron’s talks with Vladimir Putin, Olaf Scholz, Boris Johnson, and Zelensky from February 20 until the arrival of Western leaders to Kiev. The President of Russia speaks on the recordings. The motivation of the attack on Ukraine.
2568	5	The main motives of the TV France 2 film directed by Guya Lagache are the fears of an escalation of the war in Ukraine, the risk of a nuclear conflict, the increasingly radical actions of Putin and the diplomacy strategy led by the Palace of Elizabeth.
2568	6	This is why Putin attacked Ukraine. 
2568	8	Lagache was authorized to record the entire conversation of the French president with the President of Russia on February 20, whose fragments are published for a few days in the media.
2568	10	This is not a democratically elected government. “They came to power as a result of the coup, people were smoked alive, there was a bloodshed and Zeelensky is one of the responsible,” Putin said.
2568	12	The Russian politician also stated that the basis of the dialogue is taking into account the interests of the other party and the pro-Russian separatists in Donbass delivered such proposals to the Ukrainians, but did not receive any response to them.
2568	14	Macron, however, notes that Russia is a party to the Minsk agreements and does not predict that the basis for the dialogue should be the proposals presented by the separatists.
2568	16	“When your negotiator tries to force the Ukrainians to negotiate on the basis of separatist plans, this is not done in respect of the Minsk agreements. It’s not separatists that will present proposals on Ukrainian rights!” Macron says.
2568	18	He added that the text of the agreements is in front of him and is written in them: the proposals are submitted by the government of Ukraine in consultation and with the consent of representatives of some Donbass regions within the framework of a three-party contact group. “It is exactly what we propose. So I don’t know where your lawyer has learned law,” Macron says. He also said he doesn’t know which lawyer could prove that in a sovereign state the texts of the laws are presented by groups of separatists, not democratically elected authorities.
2568	19	Putin: I'm in the gym and I'd like to go to hockey
2568	21	The President of France said he talked with Zelensky and asked him to calm the situation in the social media and in the Ukrainian armed forces. But he called on Putin to calm the Russian armed forces as well. “There was a lot of bombing yesterday. If we want to give the dialogue a chance, we need to calm the situation in the region,” he added.
2568	23	Macron reminds the conversation with Joe Biden, who – as the French president has assured – is ready to meet with Putin, while the French president proposes a conversation between the two leaders in Geneva in the coming days. Putin says this proposal is worth consideration and should be discussed in the counsel of both presidents. The conversation ends with Putin's notice that he is exercising in the gym and wants to go to play hockey.
2568	25	Advisors of Macron, including the chief adviser of Ds. Diplomatic Emmanuel Bonne, openly say in the film that Putin is serving a lie.
2568	26	Politics behind the kulis
2568	28	The document begins with Macron’s arrival in Kiev and the meeting with Zeelensky on 8 February, during which the scenes of trade negotiations between France and Ukraine on the conclusion of investment contracts of French companies are revealed. The document also dedicated a lot of place to Macron’s speech on the future of Europe and its vision, which he expressed in the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
2568	30	Lagache is also a witness to Macron's conversations with his advisors, his preparations for television performances and the crisis councils of the Defense Council in the bunker under the Palace of Elizabeth, just after the Russian invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Scenes from the performances of Western European politicians are accompanied by film materials from attacks among others. on Kiev, Mariupol and drastic photos from Buczy. In the surroundings of Macron, huge concerns raised Russian attacks on Ukrainian nuclear power plants and the “second Chernobyl threat,” as well as the risk of a nuclear conflict.
2568	32	The film does not present practically the question of Poland, the Baltic countries, Romania or Moldova or information about the waves of war refugees that cross the borders of those countries. All the talks of Polish and Eastern European leaders both at the meeting in Versailles and at the summit of the 27 EU countries on the war in Ukraine have also been forgotten.
2568	34	"The film dedicates a lot of space to the relationships and conversations of Macron with Scholz and Bonne with his German counterpart Jens Ploetner. In talks with Johnson, Macron emphasizes the need to coordinate the EU’s actions with the UK on the issue of Ukraine, while discussions with Scholz are mainly the exchange of details on Putin’s mood and his announcement of further action.""Macron leads diplomacy against Putin,"" the paper was assessed by Le Monde."
257	3	On Wednesday, U.S. and RFN representatives confirmed earlier press reports that the two countries have signed an agreement to end the dispute around the construction of the Nord Stream 2. This means that the Ukrainians have so many reasons to worry about their own future. 
257	5	Budapest Memorandum 
257	7	Today no one remembers (or rather doesn’t want to remember) that for a moment Ukraine was a nuclear power, so other powers gave it a guarantee of full security. This happened immediately after the dissolution of the USSR. At the time, the independent state of Ukraine stated that 176 strategic and more than 2,5 thousand were in its hands. Tactical missiles with nuclear heads. More in that time had only the United States and Russia. The two countries, together with the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom, immediately began to press Kiev to transfer the entire arsenal to Russia. This was done discreetly, because there was no reason for an independent Ukraine to give up what it legally inherited from the USSR. In December 1994, during the Budapest Summit of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), President Leonid Krawczuk announced the dismissal by Ukraine of the ambition to remain a nuclear power. For the delivery of missiles and nuclear heads to Russia, the whole West brave him. Washington promised economic support, while Moscow supplies cheap fuel and electricity. to the so-called The Budapest Memorandum, in exchange for nuclear weapons, included security guarantees. The Kremlin and the Western powers promised in writing. the protection of Ukraine’s independence and the “uninterruptibleity of existing borders”. 
257	9	Crimea and the War in Donbass 
257	11	20 years passed and the Ukrainians were frozen out of the zone of influence of Russia, because they wanted, like Poland and other Central European countries, to join the wealthy West. President Viktor Yanukovych’s ambition and the desire of new authorities to join the NATO and the European Union were a sign of questioning Vladimir Putin’s imperial plans. Unable to undermine the whole of Ukraine, the President of Russia annexed Crimea and launched a war in Donbass. The West responded to this with moderate sanctions. Two decades after the signing of the Budapest Memorandum, Russia has exhausted a large portion of its territory to Ukraine and cut off the supply of cheap fuel, while the remaining signatories of the document did not fulfill the data to Kiev guarantees. In this way, the Ukrainians convinced themselves on their own skin that there is a certain difference between whether they have a paper card signed by the representatives of the powers or their own nuclear heads. The weak economically, practically disarmed country (for the presidency of Janukovych the army expenditure was reduced to symbolic amounts) left one asset. It was a network of gas pipelines that pressed gas from Russia to Western Europe (this main recipient were and are Germany). A full-scale war in 2014 threatened the transmission network to be damaged or in an act of desperation the Ukrainians themselves block it. At that time, after the Baltics, the Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline dropped approximately 55 billion m3 of gas per year. The maximum power of the Jamaal-Europe gas pipeline, which runs through Belarus and Poland, is 33 billion m3. About 65 billion square meters of gas flowed to the West through Ukraine. It is easy to notice that the Russian army's march to Kiev could cost Moscow a sudden loss of up to 50 percent. Income from the export of blue fuel plus even harder sanctions of the West. And worst of all, Western recipients led by Germany would be doped to look for other suppliers. The rapid construction of the gas ports would open the EU to the supply of crude gas from the US and the Middle East. There will also be new routes from the Norwegian and British routes. This risk was no longer calculated. The Kremlin, therefore, has even abandoned the struggle to remove from Ukraine another area that connects Crimea directly with Russia. Although this is even a necessity, since now the peninsula has been cut off from the key water sources, and the only thing that connects it with the rest of the Russian state is the Crimean Bridge over the Kerch Bay. 
257	13	Energiewende – the beloved child of Merkel 
257	15	The network of gas pipelines running through Ukraine largely saved the undefenced country in 2014 from Vladimir Putin leaving a few steps further. At the same time, she motivated Angela Merkel to be very determined. A sudden decrease in the supply of Russian gas puts the question of her beloved child, Energiewende. During the entire period of its governments, the Chancellor of Germany has consistently carried out a major energy transformation in the country. RFN promotes renewable sources of energy with the simultaneous, phase-out of the power plants first: powered by carbon, then atomic, and at the end, powered by brown carbon. However, the loss of power in the network must successfully complement new gas power plants. Fuel from Russia is the cheapest and easiest to supply to Germany. In addition, the “export” of Energiewende to the rest of the EU countries is ongoing. This means that with it the RFN will redistribute and sell to others the gas purchased from Russia. In this order becoming a key country in the future, both for the western and eastern parts of the Old Continent. The Kremlin will not be able to cut off the supply of blue fuel due to the risk of huge financial losses. Others give up the gas because they then risk the stability of their own energy systems. On the way to achieving a bilaterally beneficial energy cooperation, Berlin and Moscow have come to the recent obstacles, of which the opposition of Poland and Ukraine was among the least. The full security of Energiewende required the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas station. Without him, Berlin had to take care of Ukraine’s stability with a great commitment and to support its government, entering the conflict with Russia in such a way – wanting and not wanting. It was handfully used by Donald Trump, blocking the end of the construction of the NS2 to force Germany to relief in many economic matters. The problem of Berlin was solved by the U.S. voters because the new administration changed Washington’s strategy. It is to all extent rational. Since China is so powerful and worse the still growing enemy, the front should be shortened to the maximum. This means abandoning the dispersion of forces around the world, exhausting conflicts with potential allies, throwing the gro possessed potential on the main direction of action in the Eastern Asian regions. North Stream 2 and the benefits of three powers In this set, the NS2 finish gives the benefits of three powers simultaneously. President Biden, removing the blockade from the NS2 building, gains a renewal of heartbreaking friendship with the RFN. Chancellor Merkel may begin to exhaust real fields of conflict with Russia and stop worrying about continuity of gas supplies. President Putin has finally received a broader field of maneuver on Ukraine. According to a statement from the Washington-Berlin agreement, “if Russia tries to use energy as weapons or further acts of aggression against Ukraine, Germany will take action at national level and will emphasize effective measures at European level, including sanctions, to limit Russia’s potential for energy imports.” 25 years ago, the Budapest Memorandum spoke about ensuring independence and the integrity of the borders. Therefore, there is a certain reduction in the scope of security guarantees. The worse accident of the interests of the three great players makes it to assume that in some time the current guarantee scope for Ukraine will be even more reduced by them. The transcendent rule says that if someone wants to win, someone else must pay for it. In this case, one country is ideal for the role of the main payer.
2570	1	Tusk declares legal abortion to 12 weeks
2570	3	The PO leader Donald Tusk announced on Tuesday in Wallbridge that if the PO wins the elections, it will guarantee legal access to abortion until 12 weeks of pregnancy (after consultation of a patient with a doctor). He also promised the establishment of partnerships and the review of the transgender law.
2570	5	The leader of the Civil Platform, who has been in Lower Silesia for two days, on Tuesday met with the inhabitants of Wallbridge and its surroundings. One of the participants in the discussion asked for proposals of legal solutions for non-heteronormative persons.
2570	7	"The head of the PO said that if Law and Justice loses the upcoming parliamentary elections, it will mean that ""the xenophobia has lost, dishonesty for differences, lack of respect for people with different sexual or transgender orientation."" He acknowledged that in the Civil Platform there are people with ""different types of sensitivity"" in matters of rights of non-heteronormative persons. “I strive – and sometimes I find it in my head – to conduct an effective, though too slow policy in this matter, a move towards modernity and tolerance, which must also be found in our heads and hearts, not only in the laws,” Tusk added."
2570	9	"He said that if he wins the election, he will decide to legalize the partnerships. ""I know that this is the first step and I know that it is not always popular in different, not only political, environments, but we have to show that in matters of human dignity, including the dignity of people with a different sexual orientation than that more dominant, here can no longer be a purely political calculation that for example. It is not worth making any decision because it will not have the support of the majority,” Tusk said."
2570	11	"When it comes to the issue of the adoption of children by single-sex persons, it is, as he added, the debate on this issue ""just before us."" This is not just about possible administrative or legislative decisions. I would very much like people to begin to accept and understand issues that have been uncomprehensible to them so far. If you ask me if the right to adoption of children (...), is to be decided immediately after the elections, I don’t know it today, really. “I don’t want to give words knowing that I’ll need some more ambitious decisions of ordinary nature, a majority in parliament,” Tusk said."
2570	14	Tusk announces legal abortion
2570	16	The leader has also announced the relief of the right to terminate pregnancy. “We have this project on legal abortion up to 12 weeks, which is to be a woman’s decision in agreement with a doctor, not a priest’s, prosecutor’s and PiS activist’s decision. This is 100% guaranteed,” said the head of the PO.
2570	18	In turn, taking into account the situation of transgender persons, Tusk assessed that the legal proceedings in this matter were humiliating, because he ordered such persons to appeal to the court of his parents. “These transgender regulations must be looked at very in detail so that there are no obstacles that are so devastating for the psychic, especially when it comes to a young man or a child,” the PO chief added.
2570	20	He noted that in Poland there is a record number of suicides among children. One of the reasons is that anger, that the feeling that the power, referring to tradition or religion, lies those people who simply want to live worthy. They don’t want to impose anything on anyone, but they want to live as they can, as it just belongs to them, because everyone has the right to their own way of life, to their own dignity, and those who have a different view must agree with it that their view of life and values is their view and must not be applicable to all the others,” Tusk said.
2570	22	"In February last year, the National Directorate of the PO adopted a new position on reproductive rights, which was titled ""The Women's Rights Package"". They were placed on him. Proposal for the legalization of abortion until 12 weeks of pregnancy after the patient’s consultation with a doctor and psychologist, the refund of contraceptive measures (also “day after”), prenatal studies and in vitro procedures."
2572	1	Corwin-Mikke with an understanding of abortion. “If a woman carries a monster in her...”
2572	3	Let’s start with the fact that a woman cannot be raped by a man to make an abortion. It is unacceptable for a partner to say to his girlfriend, “Listen, you have to make an abortion.” If abortion was legal, the number of abortions would be smaller,” Confederation Deputy Janusz Korwin-Mikke told the portal.
2572	5	A protest took place on women who disagree with the ban on abortion. They wanted to express their opposition to the civil project “Stop abortion” Kai Godek. Should a woman have the right to abortion or not?
2572	7	No. I am on the side of Mrs. Godek, but the project with which she came to the Seymour is too strict. It does not leave the choice for women, and the woman has to have a choice. The problem with abortion is different.
2572	9	What?
2572	11	To determine who we consider as a human being. If a woman carries a monster, it cannot be covered by the protection of the human species. It all depends on the doctor’s assessment.
2572	13	Are you able to understand women who claim they don’t want to give birth to a “sick fetus”?
2572	15	of course. I’m able to understand a normal woman who can find that instead of a man he carries in his stomach something that will never function normally. The people you mentioned at first don’t convince me.
2572	17	Why?
2572	19	Because performing in the Sejm and defending pedophilies behaved in an incomprehensible way.
2573	1	He attacked the hole sharply. “An ugly and ugly idea.”
2573	3	Simeon Hołownia proposed a referendum. Access to abortion. The initiative of the Polish leader 2050 didn’t much like Roberto Biedroni. He called the idea “bitter and wicked.”
2573	5	Robert Biedron commented on the idea of organizing a referendum. The abortion proposed by Simon Hołownia. The politician compared this initiative to a television show.
2573	7	“It is a wicked and wicked idea of a referendum on abortion. Someone mistaken a TV show where viewers decide who wins, with the real life of millions of women. The politician must have the courage to change,” he wrote on Twitter.
2573	9	Biedronia has not remained an indifferent leader of Poland in 2050. The Tweet commented as follows:
2573	11	How much it is necessary to hurt people and to love ourselves, so that giving people a voice can be called a “bitter horrorship” and giving a voice to ourselves is a “due.”
2573	13	Greece wants a referendum
2573	15	According to the Polish leader, a referendum on the law on abortion in 2050 should be held in Poland. “I want to see and hear in Poland I don’t like Jaroslav Kaczynski about what women should do with their lives, but I want to see and hear the will of the Poles,” he said on Friday.
2573	17	This would allow the decision to be made without the mediation of political parties. At the same time, the Polish leader 2050 noted that the hardest task in preparing this initiative would be writing questions.
2573	19	Reaction to Biedronia
2573	21	The comment of Biedronia met with a movement on the network. According to Biedronia, Konrad Piasecki did not agree. The journalist wrote:
2573	23	What is wrong with giving a voice to citizens? Why is the vote not a “show” and the referendum is already there? If the liberal abortion law is to be permanent, then the voice of the general society will be its best guarantee.
2573	25	In the same tone, Jan Singer spoke.
2573	27	"""The messengers voting in the Sejm over abortion are great, but people in direct elections are bad? I think a series member is more demoral and foolish than a series citizen of our country. Why does the New Left not like democracy so much and has a protective relationship with the people?"" He wrote an activist."
2573	29	The referendum has many opponents. He has been negatively assessed. Wojciech Karpieszczuk, journalist of the Electoral Gazette.
2573	31	“These are not to be referred to in a referendum. Would you ask in the referendum whether the Jews can run in the elections and perform public functions? No? Well right. So why do you want to ask if women should die because of the ban on abortion?” He wrote.
2574	1	Kashnevsky on abortion: If I were in power, I would liberalize this law a little bit
2574	3	"Alexander Kwaśniewski, former president, was a guest on the ZET Radio antenna. The issue of abortion has also been discussed. Kashnevsky acknowledged that if he would continue to pests power, it would be an abortion law ""something to liberalize."""
2574	5	Kwasnevsky acknowledged that he is in the present conditions a supporter of the abortion compromise that is currently in force. According to the former president, “this is the maximum of what can be done in this matter.” He added that there is no possibility to liberalize the law. This has an impact on the composition of the parliament, which is much more conservative than in previous years. The last time this possibility of liberalization of the law was in the previous times, when both the left and the group of Palikota entered the parliament, and if then the Platform, in its liberal part, had the courage to liberalize that law, then it was probably, practically, the last possibility. At this point we have a very conservative parliament, which if it gave them a free hand, it is very likely that it would strengthen this law, it would make it more restrictive,” he said and repeated that the said compromise “is the maximum we can have today.”
2574	7	Aleksander Kwaśniewski, during the presidential campaign, during which he fought for the headquarters of the state with Lech Wałęsa, admitted that he was a supporter of abortion in some cases. Abortion should be legal – in the case of birth-related health complications, permanent fetal damage and for social reasons – he said. After a wave of criticism from the Catholic Church fell on him, he added: “With regard to the relationship with abortion or the state-Church relationship I believe that most people think closer to me than bishops. From the hierarchs of the Church, I do not see a tendency to dialogue or a recognition that the same matters can be viewed differently. The compromise proposed by the Church looks as follows: “It will be as we want, and the one who thinks differently should be at the margins of political life.” There is no consent to that.
2574	9	In 2004, after winning the first round of the second presidential elections in which he took part, he declared that he was a supporter of the 90-year-old compromise. My position is unchanged. What was achieved as a result of a dramatic discussion in Poland and a compromise with the Church, should beined – he said and added that if he becomes the president for the second time, it will undermine a project that allows abortion for social reasons.
2575	1	What will the Commission do about abortion in Poland? Meeting on the anniversary of the judgment of the Supreme Court
2575	3	In this room, we need to have the courage to say: abortion is just a medical service. Abortion is a human law. Abortion is okay,” Sylvia Spurek said. Beata Mazurek quoted John Paul II, and Jadwiga Wiśniewska accused Parliament of hypocrisy
2575	5	On October 20, 2021, the European Parliament held a debate initiated on the occasion of the anniversary of the sentence of the Constitutional Court of 22 October 2020 which effectively prohibits abortion in Poland. As the first vote he took on behalf of the European Council, Anže Logar stressed that “abortion is a delicate legal and ethical issue, and the European Court of Human Rights leaves the Member States a very broad field to determine whether it is legally permitted and in what cases.”
2575	7	The spokesman for D.S. Equal treatment Helena Dalli also pointed out that the EU has no competence in matters relating to abortion. Abortion in Poland is only available for women who have money to go abroad. The pandemic further complicated it,” Dalli noted. She emphasized that “the laws on sexual and procreational health should be identical for women and men” and that they consist not only of abortion but also of contraception, HIV treatment and other sexually transmitted diseases. But she pointed out that health regulations, including abortion, are beyond the EU’s competence, so the EU can only “trace the rights of women in medical services.”
2575	9	Poland: Poland needs support
2575	11	On behalf of the EPL group, the European Parliamentary Deputy Elżbieta Lukacijewska (PO) took the vote, directly following the statements of the representatives of the Council and the Commission:
2575	13	“We know that this is the competence of the Member States. However, this room requires a signal, a discussion directed to Polish women that we know about these problems, know them and support them.”
2575	15	Lukacijewska added statistics on the percentage of abortions carried out before trial due to defects of the fetus.
2575	17	“No prohibition will limit the number of treatments and will not make women want to be mothers. The Polish government is trying to force women to be heroic. No politician can be the conscience of Polish women,” she said.
2575	19	“It’s sad that it’s not the Polish government, but the governments of other countries – Czech Republic, Belgium, Scandinavian countries – are pulling the help hand to Poland. Poland is becoming a country unfriendly to mothers, and pregnancy is covered by risk and fear.”
2575	21	Politics stressed that the case of abortion is not the only sin of the Polish government in the matter of reproductive rights. She reminded of in vitro closure, problems with access to prenatal studies, poor support for educating families of persons with disabilities, lack of real access to sexual education.
2575	23	“We are responsible for the events in Poland.”
2575	25	In a strong way to the conservative position of the European establishment, Predrag Matić also attended. A spokesman on behalf of S&D called for a meeting with the activists of the General Women’s Strike, which took place earlier in Parliament:
2575	27	“I was shocked because not only the access to health care is limited, but it also threatens those who have gone out to protest. I want to say that I admire the courage of all those people who defend their rights.
2575	29	We are partially responsible for this, as the Commission is hiding behind the argument on national competences. This is convenient for people who have in their nose European values, floating on them.
2575	31	So I want to ask the European Commission: What should we do? “Today it is Poland, and tomorrow it may be another country.”
2575	33	“We talked about the rule of law in Poland. Today’s discussion is linked to this. We are talking about the decision of the political Constitutional Court,” said Karen Melchior, a Danish member of the European Parliament.
2575	35	“Our democracy is also threatened if minorities are attacked. When the coal was captured, the canaries were taken with them to warn of the upcoming explosion. Today, human rights activists are shaken, scared by their own government, which wants to suppress them. We have to show them that they’re not alone, the whole world looks at them.”
2575	37	Hispanic deputy María Eugenia Rodríguez Palop and Slovak deputy Michal Šimečka also emphasized that the issue of Poland is a universal problem, as in their countries can also be observed movements aimed at questioning the reproductive rights of women.
2575	39	Previous Post:It’s time for the Commission to take the side of women
2575	41	Sylvia Spurek (Zieloni) announced that in the anniversary of the sentence, the Polks will return to the streets with the slogan “We defend life. the life of women.”
2575	43	“In this room, we need to have the courage to say: abortion is just a medical service. Abortion is a human law. Without the right to abortion, there is no EU policy of equality and cohesion. A year has passed since the decision. Are you looking for solutions? Was it more convenient to give up the topic and shut down by the lack of competence?” — said the deputy.
2575	45	“Mr. Commissioner, if competences are a barrier to you, it’s time for legislative changes. It is time for the Commission to unconditionally hold women’s side to support the brave Poles, who have been constantly protesting on the streets for years. “At the expense of work and private life.”
2575	47	The abortion syndrome
2575	49	“The abortion is not, it has not been and it will never be OK. You must be aware that those people who accept abortion then suffer great suffering. Sometimes they are unable to get rid of this trauma throughout their lifetime. Mrs. Dalli expressed concerns about the availability of abortion in Poland. How is it in Malta? Is there not the most restrictive law in the European Union? Is that why this matter of Malta is not raised in the European Parliament, because there is a leftist government in Malta?” said Jadwiga Wiśniewska (EKR, PiS). This shows how full you are of hypocrisy. This debate testifies to the degradation of the essence of the rule of law in the EU.”
2575	51	The European Parliament said abortion is not a human right, and on its support she also began to quote the Convention on the Rights of the Child: “a child, due to its physical and mental insufficiency, requires special care and care, including adequate legal protection, both before and after birth.”
2575	53	Polish Talibans Going Away
2575	55	"“The hell of women continues. A year ago, Kaczynski sentenced women. Poland has become a de facto patriarchal religious state in which the Poles, like the heroes of the ""History of the Handles"", are deprived of the voice and brought to the role of an incubator. This is terrible barbarism and the government’s torture,” said Robert Biedron."
2575	57	“Unfortunately, the Polish Taliban do not stop. A new draft law will treat abortion that is a threat to the life and health of a woman as a murder that is threatened to life. This PiS led to the fact that in 2021 the Poles have fewer rights than when Poland joined the EU.”
2575	59	Law according to John Paul II
2575	61	Beata Mazurek began with a quote from John Paul II: 'A man is also a unborn child. Moreover, Christ is united with the little ones. So how can you not see it in essence unborn? “When a state does not use its power to defend the weak, the foundations of the state’s rule of law are threatened.”
2575	63	“Poland will defend the rule of law. We will not impose a leftist dictatorship. We will defend the rights of unborn children and repeat to be bored that the competence in the organization of healthcare systems lies in the competence of the Member States,” PiS said.
2575	65	The voice was also taken by Rose Thun, referring directly to the words of Jadwigi Wiśniewska, who accuses the PE of hypocrisy:
2575	67	“Hipocrisy is pretending that it defends human life from conception to natural death. Instead of giving hands to women in a desperate situation, surrounding them with care, supporting them, they are tempted unwillingly to an illegal, dangerous to health underground, or they are sent abroad.”
2575	69	She also pointed to the situation at the border with Belarus: “Beyond our border, adults and children die from hunger, desire and cold. I think they are also children born. So much that they are big.”
2576	1	The storm caused a storm. The Confederation has changed its opinion. the abortion?
2576	3	Artur Dziambor has long been presenting himself as an opponent of abortion. However, his recent statements suggest that the policy allows abortion in some situations. Even Robert Winnicki is discussing with his party colleague.
2576	5	Last Thursday, the Constitutional Court ruled that eugenic abortion is incompatible with the Constitution. The decision was passed by a majority of votes. Judges Leon Kieres and Piotr Pszczółkowski presented a separate opinion to the judgment. Members of the Confederation have long demanded strengthening the law on abortion and abortion, among others. So called. Eugenic abortion.
2576	7	"""The Constitutional Court did what PiS did not want to do in the Sejm. The proposal, under which all members of the #Confederation and part of the PiS club signed, was considered positively. Life has won! Life is the most important thing!” It was Arthur Dziambor."
2576	9	"Two days later, the politician issued a special statement. ""In my assessment, the total prohibition of abortion and forcing women to childbirth, for example. Children without a brain cannot have a place in a civilized country. I see such a situation as unhuman,” he said."
2576	11	The issue of abortion is so important that there is no place for discontinuation. So there is no doubt about my position:
2576	13	As a conservative, I am opposed to the liberalization of abortion law. Every man’s life is the highest value for me. Therefore, I believe that the previous abortion compromise contained shortcomings. The decision of the Constitutional Court on Thursday should contribute to its correction. I can’t imagine that in the present legal state the discussion will end.
2576	15	The previously existing argument for the likely defect of the child should be replaced with the death defect assurance. Such a record will make that women will not be sentenced to bring children who have no chance of living outside the mother's body, or whose life will be short and full of suffering. This also gives you a chance for a happy life for children. The Downship. In my opinion, the total prohibition of abortion and forcing women to birth, e.g. Children without a brain cannot have a place in a civilized country. I see such situations as unhuman.
2576	17	At the same time, I believe that we should develop regulations that support families who raise children with disabilities as soon as possible. Such assistance should be concrete and real and should not be closed only in the financial sphere. This is one of the few situations in which I am willing to support a social state solution.
2576	19	I declare my willingness to work on such laws and call on the politicians of all parties to engage and support this path.
2576	21	I know that my position may not satisfy the part of the right, the extreme left on the other side without mentioning. In this case, I am not a politician. I am first of all a husband, a father, a future father and a man. I do what my conscience suggests.
2576	23	Here is the statement of the Corvin Party on this matter.
2576	25	Dziambor was today a visit to Tok FM, where he emphasized that all parties should agree to ws. possibility of termination of pregnancy. I am pleased with the judgment of the Constitutional Court. Now we have to take the second step. The whole political class, from right to left, should sit down and agree.
2576	27	The politician reiterated that in some moments abortion should be permitted. “If we talk about children who have fatal defects, I would like and we would all want the parents to decide whether to bring such a child to the end with full knowledge that this child will not survive outside the mother’s stomach, or to make a previous removal,” he said.
258	1	Mariupol - the city of Russian shame
258	3	This port city in Donbass has become a symbol of the extremist war that Russia is conducting against Ukraine. But the occupation is not the end of the Ukrainian history of Mariupol.
258	5	This is the darkest chapter in Mariupol's history. Ukrainian fighters are leaving the Azov hut after almost three months of resistance. This was a record in the war between Russia and Ukraine, which began with the annexation of Crimea. Only the airport in Donetsk was protected even longer in 2014 and 2015. However, the situation in Mariupol was harder because Ukraine could not militaryly help the occupied.
258	7	Some Ukrainian fighters leave the bunker under the same hunt, others are lifted up on the nose, yet others remain to give up as the last - or die. Those who have chosen the slave are hoping they will be named Russian soldiers captured by the Ukrainian army. It is difficult to predict whether it will succeed. Russia, of course, will not rush and use Ukrainian prisoners for offensive propaganda.
258	9	Mariupol - the name of the city located on the shore of the Azov Sea is today known throughout the world. This will be discussed on the first pages of books about the history of the war of Russia with Ukraine, which is a brutal war to destroy. Mariupol is the first major Ukrainian city that has been completely destroyed by the Russian army, systematically and without counting victims among the civilian population. It was quickly surrounded, but it did not give up, but it resisted and thus became an example for the Ukrainian will of self-establishment. Mariupol was the only large city in the so far occupied southern Ukraine that had put such a strong resistance. Kiev will have to think about it.
258	11	The exact number of deaths in the city, which before the war lived about half a million people, is not yet known, but you can be afraid that it reaches tens of thousands. After weeks of constant shooting, almost no housing building remained intact. This is undoubtedly a war crime.
258	13	Why Russia attacked Mariupol so brutally
258	15	Since the first day of the war, Mariupol, alongside Charkov and Kiev, was one of the three cities for which the struggles were most cut. Why Mariupol? Especially because of its strategic importance. Mariupol is the second-largest industrial center in Donbass after Donetsk and an important commercial port. In the spring of 2014, he divided the fate of Donetsk and Lugansk and for a few weeks was occupied by the pro-Russian separatists, but was quickly liberated by the Ukrainian army. Since then, the front line has been on a distance of several kilometers from the city. Two local industrial giants, Azov Steel and Iljic Metal Combination, were able to continue production.
258	17	For eight years, the inhabitants of Mariupola lived on the dust. However, with the exception of the January 2015 attack, in which more than 30 people were killed, the city was saved and no further victims or destroys. At that time, Mariupol became the center of a Russian-speaking, but pro-Ukrainian approached Donbass. Blue-yellow flags were a shadow in the eyes of those who wanted to see Mariupol as part of the regions that are actually occupied by Russia with the help of separatists. This is also the reason for the special cruelty of the Russian army. Moreover, an important role is played by the position of Mariupol, which is in the land band that connects Russia with the annexed Crimea. Creating such a land connection is one of Russia’s obvious goals in this war.
258	19	Finally, another very important reason is the fact that in Mariupol was the main quater of the Azovsky Gulf, founded by radical nationalists. The existence of the Azovsky Gulf, a small but well-known and well-armed unit of the Ukrainian National Guard, has been the main topic of Russian propaganda for years. Since Russia has declared “denazisation” as its official target of war, the Kremlin has been trying to destroy all that it calls “Nazi.”
258	21	Russian war criminals in Mariupol.
258	24	The price that Mariupol had to pay for it is annoying. In memory of the world history, Mariupol was recorded as one of the cities that was almost completely destroyed as a result of war activities. The battle for Mariupol will be remembered by the shocking shooting of the hospital clinic, from which the bloody mothers were raised, as well as the bombardment of the theater, in which the submarines sheltered and killed civilians. These pictures will never be forgotten. Mariupol has become a city of Russian shame.
258	26	However, the occupation by the Russian army does not end the Ukrainian history of the city. As the steel will be produced again in Mariupol, the same will be called the Ukrainian flag. But the most stupid chapter in the history of the city will finally be closed only when the war criminals who committed this brutal overthrow will come to court. There are already voices appearing calling for the establishment of an international tribunal not in the Hague, but on the site, in Mariupol. Witnesses to the crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine are so many.
2580	1	Abortion should be legal, safe and free of charge. The vote will soon be, who will vote for?
2580	3	"By the end of June, the Sejm has the time to deal with the civil project of legalizing abortion until the 12th week of pregnancy. How do members and members vote? The Committee on Legal Abortion. Without any compromises,"" he founded a page where it can be checked. It is clear that one of the members is against."
2580	5	The summit is scheduled for two sessions in June: 8-9 and 22-23 June. During one of them, a citizen project of abortion legalization to the 12th week of pregnancy should have a first reading. The project was submitted on 1 April and from that day the Sejm has 3 months to consider it (and specifically – the beginning of the procedure). The legislative committee has collected more than 200,000. signatures of citizens and citizens.
2580	7	The project primarily presupposes: access to abortion until the 12th week of pregnancy (on NFZ), access to abortion after the 12th week in case of fetal defects or rape, abortion depenalization, extension of the prenatal test package
2580	9	How do members and members vote? Will the project come to the commission (because PiS considers that civil projects deserve at least it), or will it be immediately rejected?
2580	11	Who for, who against?
2580	13	In order to mobilize parliamentarians and parliamentarians to a clear statement, the legislative initiative committee has set up the aborcjanatak.pl page, through which you can “shake” parliamentarians and parliamentarians and ask how they vote. At the moment, 118 people gave their answer, 68 to TAK (including 19 from KO, 44 from Lewica, 3 from PPS, 2 from Poland 2050) and 50 to NIE.
2580	15	Not answered in the majority the members of the PiS (41) and the Confederation (7), but there was also the member of the KO – Paul Poncylius. This is not surprising, considering that he was still recently in PiS, and yesterday – June 2 – he declared: “Surely much closer to me to Corvin than to some of the party’s proposals Together.”
2580	17	So were answered mainly the members of the Lewica (44) and KO (17), but there were also two members of Poland 2050 – Hanna Gill-Friday and Paulina Henning-Kloska.
2580	19	This is the answer of the Greens (KO) Ambassador Margaret Trach, with whom he talks below.
2580	21	Abortion is not an abstract thing, it is life.
2580	23	Maddalena Chrzhovicz, OKO.press: Why are you going to vote for?
2580	25	Małgorzata Tracz, Greens, KO: Greens have long had legal abortion in their program. I and other Green politicians have long been involved in gathering signatures under projects such as “Rescue Women”. Abortion should be legal, accessible, safe and free of charge. This is a medical procedure. Women have the right to decide about their lives and their health. I don’t understand why someone took this right. Like other people, we deserve equal treatment.
2580	27	In 2021, the Civil Platform announced that it supported the right to abortion until the 12th week. Who will vote for the project?
2580	29	I am sure that yes. It is currently about sending the project to further work. The key will be how the PiS and the Confederation will behave – will they vote for a civil project or against? Will hundreds of thousands of signatures be thrown into the basket?
2580	31	But even if the project goes to the commission, it’s probably going to go there, because PiS doesn’t vote for the right to abortion, since it has recently strengthened the right with the hands of the TK. However, in the latest Ipsos survey for OKO.press the support for the right to abortion among PiS voters increased quite significantly.
2580	33	Everyone of us knows someone who needed abortion for a variety of reasons – a sister, a colleague, a cousin. Abortion is close, it’s not something abstract, it’s just life. The prohibition from 2020 has made these people not allowed to terminate pregnancy. And we see a close to us woman suffering, in a very difficult situation, a woman who has no means to stop breaking on her own hand. We see this drama. As soon as I think, we will change our opinion.
2580	35	Hot Potatoes
2580	37	The issue of abortion in Sejm is little to anyone, so the work on the project is pushed for the last moment.
2580	39	PiS, although it has a clear position on this matter (it is finally behind the strengthening of the law in 2020), has to deal with the trials of fundamentalists who want the ban of abortion also in the case of rape and the ban of pregnancy pills. The civil project that equals abortion with murder was indeed rejected in December 2021, also by PiS votes, but up to 41 members of the ruling party were for the project to further work (including two deputy ministers from MEiN):
2580	41	PiS must also take into account the increasing approval for the right to abortion also in its own electorate. A survey by Ipsos for OKO.press revealed that the percentage of those who support the right to terminate pregnancy up to 12 weeks increased among voters to the ruling party by up to 10 percent. in the last 1.5 years.
2580	43	The topic is uncomfortable for the PO, which for years has tried to law between conservatives in its own series (such as Joanna Fabisiak) and liberals for whom the right to abortion is the European standard. It has long supported the so-called Abortion compromise, a very restrictive law of 1993, which was actually the result of a compromise exclusively with the Catholic Church. The PO with insistance applied to the “conservative cottage,” Grzegorz Schetyna, the head of the PO in the years 2016-2020, wanted to insert a “compromise” into the constitution.
2580	45	Many will remember the blame of the PO, which a few MPs did not vote in 2018 for the Barbary Novak’s “Rescue Women” project, which made the project fall. In the same vote, up to 59 members and members of the PiS were in favour of directing the project to further work (in accordance with the principle of giving the opportunity to civil projects). There are eight votes:
2580	47	It was only in 2021 that the PO announced a “new social agreement”, rejected the 1993 law and – under many conditions – declared the right to abortion until the 12th week of pregnancy (if the woman is in a “extremely difficult situation” and consults a psychologist and a doctor):
2580	49	There will be a number of members and members who will vote against the proposal. These include Paul Poncylius (it has already been declared), Paul Kowal (in 2021 declared that he did not agree with the new position of the PO) and Joanna Fabisiak (after voting in 2018 she was suspended, but after the 2019 election she returned to the KO).
2580	51	There is no doubt about the abortion of the Lewica and the smaller groups that, alongside the PO, are part of the Civil Coalition: Green, Modern and Initiative Poland (stained on the line of the liberalization of the abortion law “Rescue women”). All of these parties clearly support the right to abortion. The members of the Left and the Greens joined the Committee “Legal Abortion. No compromises.”
2580	53	It is unclear how the European Parliament and the European Parliament will behave in 2050. The party leader, Simon Hołownia, is opposed to the right to abortion, in the past he was even for the sharpness of the 1993 law since he entered into politics he is a supporter of the referendum, and after 2020 he is a supporter of the so-called restoration. “Compromise” However, two members – Hanna Gill-Friday and Paulina Henning-Kloska – have already declared their support for the project, and it can also be assumed that Joanna Mucha will vote so. Opposition can be expected. by Paul Zalevsky and Wojciech Maksymovich.
2580	55	How does PSL vote? Some people, among others. Władysław Kosiniak-Kamysz, declares very conservative views on the right to abortion (in 2017 the head of PSL declared that he would remove one of the abortion prerequisites from the 1993 law, i.e. would do the same as TK did in 2020). PSL as a party is voting for a referendum.
2580	57	The majority of the members of the Confederation are abortion fundamentalists, although there is no discipline in the party. On the 2nd of December, 6 members voted against abortion and only three voted for abortion.
2580	59	What are the options?
2580	61	Of course, voting on the draft on legal abortion in this parliamentary term is practically impossible, the draft has mainly symbolic significance.
2580	63	Our survey is discussed below.
2580	65	Therefore, there are two possibilities that depend mainly on the behavior of the members of the PS:
2580	67	First: the project falls out in the first reading, because PiS wants to end the matter before the holidays, not to annoy its voters, nor the fundamentalist wing or the Church.
2580	69	The second: the project passes to the commission (because “Civil projects should have a chance”) and there goes to the elections in 2023. It is worth noting that the civil projects on which the work is ongoing are transmitted to the next seams of the Sejm – they are not subject to the principle of discontinuation.
2580	71	88 per cent. voters for liberalization
2580	73	In the latest Ipsos survey for OKO.press (10-12 May 2022) 66 percent. A Polish woman and a Polish woman had the right to abortion until the 12th week of pregnancy. The majority of voters of the PiS are pulling down the slope, but also there the support has increased – by 24 percent. Up to 34% in 2020. Currently. The voters of all other parties support the right to abortion:
2581	1	A referendum on abortion? Scheuring-Wielgus: We are not talking about human rights in the referendum
2581	3	Abortion is a human right, the human rights should not be decided by a referendum, said in TVN24 Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus, Vice-President of the New Left. She says, “abortion should be safe and accessible to women,” and “women should have a choice.”
2581	5	On Wednesday afternoon, the first reading of the civil draft liberalization of the abortion law took place in the Sejm. Members of the Parliament will decide his fate in the ballot block on Thursday.
2581	7	"New Left Vice-President Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus was asked in ""One on One"" on TVN24, why her group is not seeking to resolve the issue of abortion in a referendum. We are not talking about human rights in the referendum. The right to abortion, the right to decision, is a human right."
2581	9	She says, “abortion should be safe and accessible to women,” and “women should have a choice.” “Yesterday one of the applicants said – and I agree with it – that this referendum on whether or not I want to get pregnant takes place in the toilet, at the time I check the pregnancy test. Then the woman decides whether to get pregnant or not. The point ended, said the messenger.
2581	11	Scheuring-Wielgus: The abortion must finally be seen in such a way that it is a medical procedure
2581	13	She said that the project was “new and different from the previous.” “We have stated, as people who participated in its creation, that abortion must eventually be seen in such a way that it is a medical procedure. Not to mention whether a 13-year-old, 14-year-old or 15-year-old is pregnant. “This project is about the choice, about the decision of the woman,” Scheuring-Wielgus said.
2581	15	She pointed out that “when we make a project on abortion (...), we also talk about sexual education that there is no in school.” “If there were sexual education, if we were educating our children in school about sexuality, about what is bad touch, about how they should be saved, there would be no such problems, the awareness would be greater,” she said.
2581	17	Scheuring-Wielgus: 13-year-old has the right to decide whether or not to give pregnancy
2581	19	The 13-year-old has the right to decide — I say it as a woman and as a mother — whether to take pregnancy or not — the deputy said. According to the project, the decision to terminate pregnancy could be made by a person who has reached the age of 13. In the case of a minor under the age of 13 who expresses the desire to terminate pregnancy, the consent of the legal caregiver or, if the caregiver does not express it, the consent of the caregiver court would also be required.
2581	21	There was a case in Poland when a 13-year-old woman got pregnant, she wanted to break her, her mother wanted to help her, and her father did not. The priest was also involved. Everyone discussed what this girl should do. We believe that at the moment when a 13-year-old girl is pregnant, she has the right to decide about her life and whether she is pregnant.
2582	1	My Abortion
2582	3	Maybe you don’t know, but we’ve just started the year.
2582	5	It has been 30 years since we discussed the law on abortion. And also – this is my personal little Jubilee – 30 years since I write about this law. While the whole civilized world has this discussion so long behind that no one is more concerned about questioning the right of a woman to get rid of unwanted pregnancy at all – the possible discussion is only about how far beyond the first trimester this law should be reached – two countries, which are considered to belong to the “Western world”, are going this path in the opposite direction. Poland and the United States.
2582	7	In America, the fundamental judgment of the Supreme Court on Roe vs. Wade in 1973 – stating that the right to terminate pregnancy is included in the constitutional guaranteed right to privacy – is likely to be questioned this year by the current Supreme Court, in which Trump packed the legal majority. With special attention to Amy Coney Barrett: a Catholic who openly proclaims that her lawyer career is a means for a life goal, which is “the service of God.” Considering our provincial complexes, I suspect that the country’s life defenders are very proud that in this exact case – the denial of the constitution to limit women’s rights – we managed to overcome America. However, it is worth noting this specific coherence: both in the United States and in Poland, anti-abortion bigotics are aware that their archaic views do not find the support of the majority of society, so they appeal to the decisions of the courts formed by political nominations. 
2582	9	In Poland, the way back, when it comes to women’s rights, was much longer, since the right to abortion for social reasons came from 1956. Interestingly, the liberalization of the regulations – supplementing the precepts to terminate pregnancy with “hard living conditions” – was not, contrary to what we often heard from women’s rights defenders in the 1990s, an element of the October revival. The change of law occurred in April 1956 and was a response to the real threat to the life and health of Polish women by a powerful abortion underground, estimated at 300,000. Exercises annually. In 1955, 80,000 women were hospitalized in a severe state, with an abortion started at home. by TW. The soap disease – caused by the injection of the soap solution into the uterus – often ended with acute kidney failure, which required immediate dialysis; the mortality reached 70 percent.
2582	11	I remind you of this overwhelming story, because it is worth realizing that even the Stalin authority had more reasons for women than the current authority. The existence of the underground was treated as an argument to change the law – instead of shaking the doctors and women to the police. Moreover, today applicable with the will of the Master of Prilebsk anti-abortion regulations are a precise repetition of Stalin's regulations, enacted in the law on the profession of a doctor of 1950, signed by Boleslav Bierut. The terms of legality of abortion from 1956 are a threat to the health of a woman (“life” is not mentioned because it is understood by itself) and “the suspension of pregnancy due to a crime.”
2582	13	It is worth noting in this publication that the draft law, from which it was born, The 1993 abortion compromise was much stricter than Stalin's regulations. The project, drawn up by a group of Osoloms in March 1992, entitled “On the Legal Protection of a Pregnant Child”, did not provide for any exceptions from the ban of abortion; it only allowed the doctor’s negation for the death of the fetus as a result of “the actions necessary to eliminate the danger of the life of a pregnant woman.”
2584	1	Abortion and stupidity
2584	3	White Christians don’t want black women, because they don’t want to sit with them.
2584	5	Whatever the question, whether Joe Biden knows he’s ruling America, remains up to date, however, the way he’s ruling can be a source of jealousy for the left in many parts of the world. Especially where over the past few decades the left-wing governments have primarily avoided progressive agenda.
2584	7	Following the revolutionary Keynes pro-development package, which was a complete rejection of reaganomics (Reagan's presidency led an economy consisting of reducing taxes, reducing budget expenditure, reducing state interference in the economy and reducing inflation), Biden - and in any case his administration - is considered a common issue. Or rather – in the present state of emotion – ideological.
2584	9	Abortion in the U.S. has become, like in Poland, one of the fields of ideological war as a result – again as in Poland – of an offensive of the extreme right, which sees in it a way to the political activation of the bigots. In the U.S. it has that additional dimension that the Southern Conservation has invented the murder of childbirth as a way to boost political activity in the right-wing Christians, while it was actually about stopping changes that delegate racial segregation, for example. Christian universities are only for white people. However, as it was difficult to declare with an open text: “Rise to defend our right to racism,” at the end of the 1970s, the Republican strategist Paul Weyrich invented a “life protection” as a stand to call religious ossools.
2584	11	Since that time, the Republican right is trying in any way to abolish the breaking sentence of 1973, when the Supreme Court in the case of Roe vs. Wade ruled that “the right to personal privacy is so broad that it also includes the right of a woman to make a decision about terminating – or not – pregnancy.”
2584	13	The constitutional guarantee of the right to abortion has so far been dubbed mainly by state restrictions introduced by the Republican-dominated state congresses – only in 2021 they have approved more than 500 such amendments. But recently, after Trump’s Supreme Court packed the ultra-Catholic mother of seven children, Amy Coney Barrett, who replaced the legendary women’s progress and rights leader Ruth Bader Ginsburg, opened the possibility of reversing the ruling case in Roe vs. Wade. In mid-May, the Supreme Court, with a new conservative majority, agreed to consider the case concerning the anti-abortion law in the state of Mississippi – which is seen by both parties as a proof of the future commitment of that majority to “defense of life”.
2584	15	However, the other side also gets strength. Four years of trumpism have moved the Democratic Party clearly to the left – also in the usual sphere. And a new president followed it, who was a conservative politician for most of his life. In 1973, as a beginner senator, Biden ruled that the SN in the case of Roe vs. Wade “goed too far” and even his time voted for an amendment to the constitution that would abolish that judgment. He was also – until last year – a supporter of a kind of American ‘abortion compromise’, i.e. the so-called ‘abortion compromise’. Amendments to Hyde.
2584	17	It is a formule adopted in the late 1970s, since 1980, written to every subsequent state budget, prohibiting the financing of abortion from federal funds. The amendments adopted in the following years have led to a legal structure similar to the anti-abortion law in Poland after the judgment of the Prilubsk court: at the expense of the state, only a pregnancy that threatens the life of a woman or one that comes from rape or harassment can be removed in the United States.
2584	19	What in practice means that access to abortion – although guaranteed by the Constitution – was limited to people in good condition. For 15.6 million women using the free health insurance, guaranteed by the public Medicaid program, including the poor Americans, the cost of abortion often proved impossible to withdraw. This has led to state restrictions aimed at eliminating other clinics through various absurd requirements, e.g. The maximum distance from the hospital or the minimum distance from the hospital. As a result of 6 states, there is only one, durable abortion clinic, to which patients have to travel hundreds of kilometers. And for this, the cost of abortion increases with the duration of pregnancy – from $400-500 in the 10th week to $1100-1650 in the 20th week. What makes the wrong wheel:
2584	21	Poor women trying to gather money for abortion with each week learn that they need them more and more.
2584	23	According to a study by the Guttmacher Institute, one in four Medicaid customers admitted that they had been pregnant not because they wanted to have a baby, but because they were not able to stop it.
2585	1	The legal abortion. “In this vote, the election was quite simple, or it is for the women, or it is for them.” 
2585	3	The Law on Legal Abortion. No compromises” was rejected by the Sejm in the first reading.  This was done thanks to the votes of the members of the PiS, the Confederation, the Polish Coalition, the Agreement and partially Poland 2050. The entire Lewicy club supported the civil project, under which 201 735 Poles and Poles signed.  
2585	5	In this vote, the election was very simple, whether it is for women or against them. A safe abortion. Without compromises it was not a radical project, but a law that was intended to restore to the Poles the dignity and the sense of security that they have not had for more than 30 years.  
2585	7	This project, which is a European standard, is based on facts and science. I would like to thank all women’s organizations who have been involved in the Citizens’ Committee on the draft law and have collected signatures and actively operated over the past months, conducted educational conversations and engaged in the collection of signatures of different kinds of environment. We are grateful to everyone and everyone who has engaged in helping.  
2585	9	Yesterday something absolutely scandalous happened, women and activists who came to the Sejm to listen to the reading of the project were locked in the clothes, as in some cage. Dangerous women in the cave at 23 p.m. and kept there until the last moment, until the moment of starting reading the project. This is absolutely scandalous. And today some of these activists have not been admitted, despite the fact that they have previously received written consent to attend during the vote. PiS is so panically afraid of the debate about abortion that it does it in the north. PiS is so panically afraid of women that they have to lock them in the cages,” said deputy Katarina Kotula.
2585	11	265 members of the PiS coalition, the women’s hatred coalition, voted against the draft to further proceedings. The position of the MPs and the Confederation does not surprise us. We know they lie when they said that all civil projects will always be transferred to the second reading. We are surprised by the expansion of this coalition, that it was registered with Vladislav Kosiniak-Kamysz, or Mr. Pavel Kowal. A lot of different members found that they would be willing to stand on the side of those who sent anti-terrorists to us, killed us and gased us on the streets.  
2585	13	I wonder what the price is for PSL, it may be that this party is below the threshold and its last chance is to enter the coalition with PiS.  
2585	15	The PiS coalition in Parliament has 265 sheets and includes 19 MPs of the PSL and those MPs who didn’t dare to vote for them and just took the cards and showed they didn’t exist, like Paul Kowal.  
2585	17	Abortion in Poland will finally be legal, it is supported by more than 66 percent of the population, said Magda Lempart, a citizen’s draft law “Legal abortion. No compromises.”
2585	19	Abortion Without Borders returns to work and will continue to help stop pregnancy. 22 29 22 597 – you can call seven days a week, we will help and pay the procedure. We will help our partners, wives, daughters and loved ones and the sisters of members of the PIS and Confederation. We will not ask the reason. We help everyone, even those who don’t respect us. We are solidary,” said Natalia Broniarczyk, the Abortion Dream Team.
2586	1	“The abortion prohibition kills.” 37-Year-Old Woman Killed Three Children
2586	3	The tragic story of a 37-year-old woman was described by her family on social media. Ms. Agnieszka, being twin pregnant, arrived on 21 December 2021 at the Wojewódzkij Hospital in Częstochov at the Department of Ginekology, the cause was vomiting and an annoying abdominal pain. On December 23, 2021, the first of the twins died, unfortunately the doctors did not remove the dead fetus, motivating this by the laws in force in Poland. On the 29th of December, the second of the twins died. Both dead fruits were removed only on 31 December, so for nine days in the body of Mrs. Agnieszka was a dead fruit, and for two more days she was already carrying two dead fruits, which were taken out of her body manually. As a result of these events on January 23, 2022, Ms. Agnieszka died. 
2586	5	Thro this time, Mrs. Agnieszka was wearing the breeding bodies of the fruit. According to the results of the research and reports of the family, Ms. Agnieszka was sick in the hospital as a result of these actions to sepsis, said deputy Katarzyna Kotula at a press conference. The abortion ban killed Mrs. Agnieszka. But the ban on abortion has not fallen from heaven and today we have to remind who is responsible for the death of another woman. Members who signed on a request to the Constitutional Court. This is the president Jarosław Kaczyński, who said that every average man will find access to the procedure for abortion. 
2586	7	No one more
2586	9	We will not leave these things without explanation. We will not let fanatics and barbarians dictate us how we should live. We will not let them cause us to live in fear. You can count on us,” said deputy Marcelina Zawisza, who announced that a joint meeting of the Seymen Health and Justice Commission on the matter of Mrs. Isabella of Pszczyna will be held today. We will fight, we will defend you, because we also defend ourselves, we will defend every woman living in this country, and we will not allow you to orphan more children. 
2586	11	Abortion in Poland
2586	13	The abortion ban killed another woman. The situation is dramatic, because the whole state is against it, the dimension of justice, the Constitutional Court, the ruling party. Unfortunately, women can’t expect anything good from the doctors or medical staff. How was it possible for a woman to carry the dead fetus for seven days, just because the second fetus was alive? The commentary was made by Wanda Nowicka. Doctors in Poland are threatened by the current government. Is it really so that women in Poland have to be completely free of any help? He asked. It is the state that condemns pregnant women to death. We did not declare our consent.
2586	15	Legal abortion. No Compromises - Join the Signature Collection
2586	17	The Left for women’s life proposes two legislative solutions. “The only true rescue for women is the adoption of a law on legal and safe abortion in Poland,” Magdalena Biejat said, stressing that this is possible in the longer term. The solution to the crisis is now, according to a member of the “Rescue Constitution”, which decriminalizes the aid in the abortion. 
2586	19	"Today, women are not punished for carrying out the abortion procedure, but their relatives and doctors are already. The draft ""Rescue Act"" presupposes the abolition of criminal liability for third parties in connection with abortion. "
2586	21	Deputies and members of the Lewica proposed the removal of the Criminal Code article. 152, who claims to prison for awakening and assistance in abortion. These rules have a “frosting effect”, that’s because of this article women are afraid, for example. tell your moms or friends about your abortion because they are afraid that showing them support by loved ones can be risky for them. Article 152 makes that at every gynecological examination there is a prosecutor's spectrum, and any doctor who wishes to fight for the life and health of a woman may be charged. “This is a law that we can all agree, which will remove this fear from the medical offices, which will allow doctors to stand clearly and firmly on the side of their patients,” Biejat said. 
2586	23	Rescue Network
2586	25	We want to tell all the women, all the families in fear and fear: you are not alone and you can count on us. Together with the Federation on Women’s Affairs and Family Planning, we prepared the Postal Rescue Network. Every time there is such a situation that a pregnant woman cannot get the necessary help we are for you and we will intervene so that, this help is provided,” said Agnieszka Dziemianovicz-Búk.
2587	1	“On the side of Poland.” The Confederation has launched a program attack.
2587	3	The Confederation has launched a program offensive “After the side of Poland”, during which politicians of the group meet with voters in 16 municipalities. They will be convinced. to its anti-inflation prospects, the development of energy and the defense industry.
2587	5	In a PAP interview, Confederation Deputy Robert Winnicki recalled that last year’s Confederation’s program offensive “Poland Again” was based on five basic postulates: “low and simple taxes, effective and accessible health protection, effective and modern education, lower cost of life and the rule of law.” According to Winnickie, this offensive brought the party “very good results and a stable increase in notes.”
2587	7	As he added, the offensive launched on Friday, entitled “After the side of Poland”, is intended to be a response to new challenges, and in particular to “the depression of crazy inflation.” In this regard, the Confederations will present a package of their own draft laws, such as “Less electricity”, “Less coal”, “Less fuel”, which are included in the consistently proposed by the group reduction of taxes and cost of life.
2587	9	According to the deputy, the further program proposals are the response of the Confederation to the war in Ukraine and the need to strengthen the security of Poland. “We are strong opponents of the Russian aggression against Ukraine, we are strong supporters of the construction of a strong and modern Polish army. And the fact that we want to build our security on the Polish army, on the Polish armed industry, is not a pro-Russian thesis, it is a propolis thesis.
2587	11	In this context, the deputy pointed out the need for urgent restoration of defence capabilities, including air defense, anti-missile and artillery. “We’re beting on the Polish arms industry, not foreign purchases,” he said.
2587	13	Speaking of the proposal “to raise the military capabilities of the Poles”, Winnicki convinced that “every Poles over the age of 16 must be given the opportunity to take part in the basic, free military training.” He also promised the liberalization of the right to possession of weapons. “Poland is disarmed, it is a state that we are opposed to and we intend to fight against it,” he said.
2587	15	Poseal said the Confederation is opposed to “social immigration, drawn to Poland only for the Polish state to pay immigrants for the fact of their stay.” According to him, this system is incomplete, which causes “Ukrainians to receive Polish benefits while staying in Ukraine, and even in another EU country.”
2587	17	Winnicki stressed that the Confederation recognizes the possible Polish-Ukrainian Union as a “murt”, which – as he defended – does not exclude the support of Ukraine by Poland at all, “but with effective defense of its own interests, also in the identity, historical and symbolic layer.”
2587	19	“We clearly ask the state authorities to reject the cult of Stephan Bandery and to recognize the woolish rise as a genocide. We also expect full respect for the rights of the Polish national minority in Ukraine, he said.
2587	21	Asked about the plans for the official election campaign by parliamentary elections and the already sharpening competition between its two main participants – PiS and PO, the deputy noted that in Poland “there is a permanent election campaign.”
2587	23	“The Confederation – as the only party – had the courage to oppose the generally existing lockdown policy trends during the pandemic and money printing, which is the main cause of inflation. We also have the courage to oppose the narrative that Poland must now become some Polish-Ukrainian federation in connection with the outbreak of the war in Ukraine. I think the voters will appreciate this in the upcoming elections,” Winnicki said.
2587	25	He also highlighted the growing percentage of “unconfident” voters to whom the Confederation wants to reach and “add shame” against – as he said – the significant “abuse of the current power and the unreliability of the opposition under Donald Tusk’s leadership.”
2587	27	Winnicki said that in such a situation, “2023 is – as never before – a chance for the duoples to break down.” “We’re cleaning our teeth to break this duople and we feel that it’s possible. We want unresolved people to convince about political elections that the Confederation is the answer to the political class that we are dealing with in Poland. The Confederation is to propose a program of a different government by the state than it had occurred so far. And I think the Poles are expecting that,” Winnicki said.
2588	1	Putin gave a voice. The French will be treated again.
2588	3	The official position of France, visible in the media is similar and expresses support for the attacked Ukraine. However, as in President Macron’s statements, there is a certain duality of attitudes, this support is not absolute, and you can see the desire not to close the way to a “peace dialogue” with Moscow. It shows even unbelief in the final success of Ukraine, the traditional anti-Americanism and the pro-Russian sentiments.
2588	5	Fear and citation of Russian propaganda
2588	7	"The newspaper ""Le Parisien"" fears that ""Wladimir Putin does not intend to stop"" and ""weighs bombing in the east of Ukraine, where his army is targeting Donbass."" “It is a challenge for the West.” “We haven’t started serious things yet,” Putin’s French newspaper quotes."
2588	9	“We hear that they want to defeat us on the battlefield. “Let them come!” – the French reads Putin’s bullying speeches at the Kremlin during a meeting with parliamentarians “at the address of Americans and Europeans who are increasing the supply of heavy weapons to Ukrainian forces.”
2588	11	The worst are Americans.
2588	13	The scandalous text has already appeared in the right-wing weekly “Valeurs”, where the desire for friendship with Russia has clearly not expired. The journalist Meriadec Raffray almost quotes Russian propaganda about “Americans fighting to the last Ukrainian.” According to him, the war on Ukraine is “the indirect global strategy of the United States”, “implemented in 2014 and currently undertaken by Washington with the risk of increasing tension spirals.”
2588	15	"“Behind every hit of the Kiev troops is the invisible hand of the uncle Sam. Already at the very beginning of the invasion, thanks to his information, defenders were able to hit the overwhelming operation of Russian helicopters (200 flying machines) to occupy the Gostomel airport, northwest of the capital of Ukraine. In mid-April, without the P-3 Orion patrol aircraft, the ""Moscow"" cruise would not be hit by Neptune missiles shot from the coast,"" the journalist said, referring to the crash of the Russian desant over the Podkiev airport and the flood of the Putin flag."
2588	17	We continue to read that “without the Americans, the Ukrainians would not be able to attack the Russian generals on the front,” and “a network of commands and spies coordinates military support for Ukraine in Europe.” It’s about the flow of U.S. money, the training of Ukrainian troops in “a dozen countries” and everything to “blood the Russian bear.”
2588	19	The author writes directly about “American interference.” He indicates that “the capital has spent a huge amount of 60 billion euros since February, which is one and a half times greater than the annual budget of the French army.” But “this is not all, because at the same time, much more discreetly, the Americans are carrying out a military overtaking of Ukraine,” where “for years they have deployed the means to conduct war by their powers.”
2588	21	It was clear that it all started with the CIA operation in Majdan. “The goal was to replace President Viktor Yanukovych with a leader ready to break the puppy with Moscow.” “A few weeks later the Donbass was formed, and Washington increased its intervention, in particular by sending a number of U.S. (and British) military advisors to the front.”
2588	23	For and even Against
2588	25	Raffray doesn’t see who the aggressor is, he forgets the “green people” in Donbass, and only wait until his outcomes are quickly printed and streamed, for example. TASS and RIA Novosti. However, such a propaganda goes to the French, although the RT is closed.
2588	27	What the pro-Russian and anti-American journalist writes directly, the rest of the media communicates in a balanced and official way taking the side of Kiev. The title “Le Figaro”: “Ukraine: the continuous bombing of Donetsk, new U.S. aid,” however, adds Raffraya’s conclusions. There is no propaganda but the speech is the same.
2588	29	Among the lines can also be read that “the imports and purchases of Russian goods in France doubled their value due to the rise in energy prices.” The Bank for Development of the Council of Europe has signed 465 million euros of loans to help host Ukrainian refugees and adds that “these loans are primarily granted to Germany, up to 200 million euros, but also to Lithuania, Ireland and Spain.”
2589	1	Sergey Lavrov and Swastika. The round of negotiations between Moscow and Ulan Bator excited social networks
2589	3	Category :
2589	5	“Maria, who posted the photo, didn’t have the intelligence to remove the donic from the frame. Look down. “Lawrow in Mongolia,” social media users wrote, publishing a photo of the meeting of the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov with the President of Mongolia Ukhnaagin Khurelsukh, where in the center of the staff was a vason with a gold swastyk.
2589	7	The photo was posted on July 5th. The official representative of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Maria Zakharova.
2589	9	“Negotiations of the head of the Russian delegation Sergei Lavrov with the President of Mongolia in Ulan Bator. For worthy guests in the state palace a yurt was installed,” she wrote without indicating the name of the head of the Mongol state and focusing on the central element with an ancient symbol that raises controversy in Europe and which is used by Russian propaganda in her message.
2589	11	"And Zachar's readers, as it could be predicted, were most interested not the essence of the Moscow negotiations with Ulan Bator, but the swastika next to Lavrov: ""There is swastika on self-government, what?“There’s a swastika on self-righteousness,” “what’s this garnek and is it funny?” “On the vazon can, on the body not...” – others point to the practices of filtering camps for Ukrainian refugees. “This swash has a completely different meaning. This is our Slavic sign. Hitler pushed him,” writes the third, not ashamed by their ignorance. Some are closer to black humor and trolling: “Mongolia is a column of neonazism, time to denial.”"
2589	13	However, among many troubled commentators there were those who tried to explain that the famous solar symbol was one of the national symbols of Mongolia since ancient times, long before the leaders of the III Reich gave it other meanings.
2589	15	“The swasty icon is present among Tamg Khakass, Tuva and Buriat and is identified by scientists with the concept of happiness,” so those who are a little familiar with the region’s traditions, try to stop the wave of turmoil.
2589	17	"However, references to local traditions do not work if you regularly watch Russian television. “I demand the closure of Zacharova for seven years for the demonstration of the extremist Nazi symbols! Shame!"", some fans of Moscow's geopolitics react in the parameters set by the Russian ""right""."
2589	19	The Code of Administrative Violations of the Russian Federation, Article 20.3. declares that “propaganda or public demonstration of Nazi accessories or symbols, accessories or symbols of extremist organizations or other accessories or symbols whose propaganda or public exposure is prohibited by federal law.” The major association must prepare administrative materials concerning the person who posted this photo,” other commentators demand coherence and the launch of the Russian prosecution system.
2589	21	Meeting under the sign of swasty. Yes, keep so, without illusions” – one of the readers of “Zaharova” aligns Mongolia’s tradition with the practice of the current leaders of the Russian Federation.
2589	23	At the same time, Sergei Lavrov in a meeting in one of the first conversations again talked about the times of the fight against German Nazism.
2589	25	“We are connected by a common history, a military fraternity, which has been drawn up and drawn up in the years of the fight against Nazism and Militarism. “Today, we discussed with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mongolia, Mr. Battsetseg, the task that Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.
2589	27	“The visit took place in a traditional atmosphere of warmth and confidence for the Russian-Mongol relations, which confirmed mutual concentration on dynamic construction of cooperation in practical areas and deepening coordination on the world arena,” the Russian foreign ministry said in a statement.
2589	29	"When it comes to Nazi symbols and modern symbols of the Russian army, the known sign with the letter ""Z"" was also used by the Nazis from the time of World War II to mark their units."
2592	1	Stanisław Michalkiewicz: $600 billion to export communism
2592	3	“Timeo Danaos et dona ferentes” – I fear the Greeks even when they come with gifts. These words was put in the mouth of the Trojan priest Laocon when he saw the famous Trojan horse. On Sunday, June 26, in one of the Bavarian castles, the decent districts of the world gathered, namely representatives of the richest countries: France, Germany, the UK, Italy, the United States, Japan and Canada, and the presidents of the European Council and the European Commission. Until recently, Russia has also participated in these meetings, but now no longer, because since Putin has been recognized by the US Senate as a war criminal, President Biden does not think to sit with him at one table, because of the fear of not to cut off, which – as you know – is worse than death. But Putin has already managed to comfort himself with the participation in the BRICS summit in Beijing, which took part in countries that do not have such a reputation as for example. Italy, but it represents more than 3 billion people. It is of course Brazil, Russia, India, China and the Republic of South Africa. More than 3 billion people, it is a fairly controversial market, allowing Russia not only to maintain the export of energy raw materials and other goods, among others. weapons, especially that countries not participating in the BRICS, but also wealthy, such as Saudi Arabia does not even think of joining Russia’s sanctions. As a result, Putin can peacefully celebrate them, the more that the BRICS summit in Beijing actually talked for peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, but who knows if such talks will happen at all. First, the United States wants to fight in Ukraine in Russia until the last Ukrainian to – as the secretary of defense Lloyd Austin honestly acknowledged during his Kyiv pilgrimage – “weaken” Russia. What this specifically means, it is believed – esperons, that after the third – the Ukrainian defense minister – that it is about the demilitarization of the European part of Russia. Secondly, Putin does not even hide the intention of dismantling Ukraine in the form of its industrialized, eastern districts and the coast of the Black Sea, which it has occupied almost entirely thanks to the invasion. Thirdly, President Zelensky may not be able to enter into negotiations on the “admissible” breakdown of Ukraine, without dragging on his head and on his environment a political catastrophe. In this situation, the war enters a chronic phase and God One knows how long it will last. As we know this, it is difficult for the BRICS participants to not realize this, who obviously treated the talk behind negotiations as a fig sheet, behind which they gave support to Russia, which was the evidence of China’s diagnosis of the cause of the war. According to the Chinese, it was the attempt to expand military alliances, without counting on the reservations of other countries. It is therefore worth reminding that after NATO’s expansion in 1999 to the area of Central Europe, Condoliza declared that the U.S. would not form the adoption of Ukraine and Georgia to NATO, but would only take care of “democracy” there – because at that stage the U.S. was still an exporter of democracy. Interestingly, a similar Chinese diagnosis of the causes of the war in Ukraine was presented by Pope Francis, which so excited Mr. Red. Thomas Terlikovsky, because nothing is so bad than the truth – what Stefan Kisielewski noticed.
2592	5	As you can see, China, which is the world’s leading economy and has to offer other countries much more than Russia, has gained great influence in Africa and South America, which the United States traditionally looks suspiciously. But the United States, not to mention the remaining participants of the G7 summit, is doing everything they can to resist this Chinese expansion, best by means of corruption. If they do, we do. President Józio Biden declared a “Global Infrastructure Partnership” and promised G7 participants to spend $600 billion in gold, with the U.S. investing $200 billion and the rest. From the sight this looks crazy and promising, and I imagine how the bureaucratic gangs of the “developing” countries, in the eyes of the souls, are already seeing what fortunes they are making out of the dust itself that arises when counting such money. However, it is known that whoever will pay – this requires – and President Biden at the time of proclaiming this “Partnership” confessed that developing countries will not be pushing gold on the fault-traffile, but will only assign a spark to the previously established goals. In this, of course, you can also blame, so that would not be a cause of anxiety and suspicion from the obsessive side. But we are scared of what these goals are. It is about the so-called Critical elements of global stabilization: health, health security, gender equality and digitization.
2592	7	Health, you know; who doesn’t want to be rich and healthy? But President Biden’s health declaration coincides with the announcement of taking over a vast scale of power over the people by a bureaucratic gang called the World Health Organization. The last two years have shown to the whole world what the threat is to give up the power of this gang. Why does President Biden put health in the first place? Because by putting on the self-conservation instinct, the World Health Organization has contributed to the achievement of two or even three goals. The first is the assumption by the governments of the dictatorship power, without looking at any constitutional thordymals, which no one had even faced to “expulse” or even “ suspend”. The second goal, which at this occasion was achieved hardly, was to take over by the governments the manual control of the economies, without looking at the property law. As known, it gives the owner, with the exception of other persons, the authority to sovereignly manage the object of his ownership. Meanwhile, the governments, moving over ownership to order, from day to day excluded all segments of the economy. And the one and the other, that is, the dictatorship of the bureaucratic gang and the handful overtaking of the economies, are identical to the goals that the promoters of the communist revolution put on themselves. On the other hand, “health security” is nothing but the introduction of universal and compulsory health insurance, that is, the socialist health service, in which these bureaucratic gangs will decide who they will allow to live and who not. If anyone still doubts whether it is not a case that the world-wide communist revolution is undertaken, it will be dissolved by the announcement that the funding of the “Global Infrastructure Partnership” will be devoted to “gender equality” funding. As you know, so far, genderology, which is a branch of Joseph Stalin’s “predictive science,” has discovered 77 gender – and this is not the last word in this field. For $200 billion, there will be discoverers who are ready to discover new genres every day, just like the flame of equality, who will raise equations, i.e. the small ones, the big ones, the big ones, the thick ones, and the poor ones. This will be achieved by the famous “uravniłowka” and the guarantee that there will no longer be from all this reversal, will be “cipharisation”, which is the elegant name of total invisibility.
2592	9	In this example, we can see, as on our hands, that the United States has become, in our eyes, an exporter of the Communist revolution. They try to delight the Murzyn, that is, the black, who, as observers say, are red because they are still green. I wonder if they will see in time with what gifts they come to them today, or they will not see, and then it will be too late.
2593	1	Post from Belarus - Strike Information Portal
2593	3	It’s just impressions. Can something be drawn on this basis? Not everything, but a few things.
2593	5	Belarus is still sick after 2020. I have no research on this topic (in Belarus there is no social opinion research), but that is felt. This is not a scientific proof, but, among us, it is rarely when journalists have the right with full responsibility to claim that something is one way or another. They speculate rather than get to the essence of the matter. days of profession.
2593	7	Is therefore the Belarusian society, like the Polish, now divided into two, almost equal parts, which hate each other? No, that is not true. Unhappy people are not missing. But after the sharp repressions of the authorities after the social protests in 2020, a significant part of them left, some were sentenced to smaller or greater sentences, and some simply withdrew to something like internal emigration, although I would observe before simple analogues with Poland after the introduction of war state. And the rest? Others do what they think is right.
2593	9	“It is war. “The journalist of the official Belarusian media tells me when I cry on the program of one of the symbols of the Belarusian official propaganda, Georgija Azarionka – People need a clear message. Someone had to start responding to the arguments of that party. Do you see what they are using? How do they lie, how do they encourage violence, how do they want the blood to flow to Belarus?” The debate at this level isn’t that it’s endless, but it won’t have an end. Moreover, I am not an admirer of the western propaganda path that I have been observing for years. However, I am not able to cut out of myself the enthusiasm for the level and form of such information. But, as my interlocutor says, people like it and they want it. Per, although I don’t understand how it is possible to like how someone in the vision intonates patriotical songs, cries, offends his antagonists. We do not agree. So we will not discuss, we will remain at our taxes.
2593	12	The streets of Munich today do not differ from the streets of other European cities. They may not be so stumbled. People go to work, cinemas, theatres, to various events, concerts, to the canyons. They live. In the evening, a crowd of young people in the canyons. This is a city that can be compared, do I know? With the Warsaw New World or the Posel with a lot of cafés, music and crowds of young people in most people, traveling from the premises to the premises.
2593	14	The daughter of my friends, relatively critical to the Belarusian authorities, just received a master's degree at her higher university. Asked if he planned to emigrate from Belarus, he categorically denied. And so, the enthusiasm for the present authorities cannot be removed from it. But the critical opinions of the parents about the state flow with a shock of arms, in the sense: “I know my own and I am not going to agree with you.” The company has similar attitudes. They don’t protest. They do not support. They wait. For what? They themselves know incorrectly.
2593	16	The Russian Center. Lewady, an opposition to Putin public opinion research center, is using the “potential of protests” category among its studies. So keeping this deadline can risk the claim that the potential of protests to the Belarusian society is low. Of course, also because the street protest is today associated with too high risk of repression. But this is not the only reason.
2593	19	Among the rest is the composition of the Belarusian society and the memory of its latest history. The wave of protests, outside of Minsk, also covered, although in a small degree compared to the capital, other cities. The village didn’t even rush. In 2020, the protesters expected to support their activities by the working class, from large industrial factories. If the MAZ, the Traktor Factory, and the Potassium Mines were produced for a long time, the authorities would have trouble. However, this has not happened. The attempts to organize strikes in large plants were completely suppressed and in the embryos. There was no unity among the workers. They, like the coalhous workers, appreciated the “small stabilization” created by Lukaszenka. Maybe the wages didn’t get out of the legs, but it was enough. To this sermious but stable social: times from the work facility, colonies for children, medical care, you don’t have to wait hours, in a word all that the elderly Poles remember from the times of PRL. And Alexander Lukashenko. Your boyfriend, untouchable in the language, may publicly offend ministers and rush them before the cameras like students, but who of the simple people did not feel even a little satisfaction when high-level officials were publicly placed to the line? The President of Belarus is able to use his “military” to the bottom, which even his opponents acknowledge. The Belarusian society, mostly male, with a rural system of values, a rational approach to life and a disappointment for raptive, cardinal changes, was the matter on which the “Belarusian spring” turned. You can hurt, you can be angry, you can be disappointed that the people of Belarus didn’t want Europe or NATO right away, but they seem to agree with it. At least for now.
2593	22	Another factor that keeps Belarus in this place where it has stopped is what has happened and is happening outside the southern border of Belarus. The official media has made many efforts since 2014 to make the citizens of Belarus look at Ukraine with fear: that prices are rising, that corruption, that the political class does not care for the political interests of their country, and realizes others, that historical politics denies the results of World War II, that the supporters of the UPA rehabilitation and the Dmitry Donkov ideology are becoming increasingly active. The workers of the ideological front didn’t have to get out: the images had to get out, because it was very hard to convince the audience that Ukraine is actually a state in a permanent crisis.
2593	24	And at the same time, Lukaszenka always did what he did best: balanced. He continued to emphasize that Russia is Belarus’s most faithful ally, which they can always rely on. He demonstrated loyalty. At the same time, he denied the recognition of the annexation of Crimea by Russia, placed curious observations about the acquisition of Belarusian assets by Russia and was able to unexpectedly demonstrate independence while detaining Russian wagners. Whether it was just a theater, or the president of Belarus really sought his place in the Russian-Belarusian federal state, it’s no matter now. After August 2020, almost everything has changed. The Belarusian authorities received clear support only from Russia. This implies and connects the authorities of Belarus with the Putin team even stronger.
2593	26	The war between Russia and Ukraine on February 24 was repeated. Because now the majority of the Belarusian society, regardless of the relationship with the president, seems to share the view that Lukaszenka will remain on its position after August 2020, has saved Belarus from direct war actions on its territory. The fact is stated with unmistakable relief. Of course, it is still possible for Belarus to enter the war when the values of the federal state are threatened. Lukashenko himself has spoken about this several times, but he also declares that he is not interested in the war with Ukraine. It balances again.
2593	28	Belarus, which has been subjected to a sanctions package since August 2020, is not as strong as its neighboring Russia. It remains, therefore, a Russian window to the world, or, as anyone wants, a corridor between Western Europe and Russia. Well, China, which seems to be equally important for European industry and trade, if not more important. Thus, although times and times appear calls in the European political space to lock Belarus on four spots before the West, they do not find any general support and rejection. War is war, and trade and production must go.
2593	30	If we summarize all that I wrote above, it becomes clear that the aforementioned “potential of protest” in Belarus is not only low now, but there are also little chances that it will be changed to another in the near future.
2593	32	There is also another factor that makes Belarus a territory where the ideological and propaganda offensive from the West notes poor progress. This is the history and consistent historical policy of the Belarusian authorities since 1994, that is, from the moment that Alexander Lukashenko took the power into his great hands.
2593	34	It does not even mean that this policy was a simple continuation of the historical narration of the Soviet times. This is just part of the answer. The rest are facts that are hard to discuss. During World War II, one in three people of Belarus died. It is worth thinking about it. Not every third soldier, every third partisan, every third adult. No, the third, including women, children, elderly... There is no family in Belarus that would not be bloody touched by German Nazism. The German occupation is a series of unbelievable crimes against the civilian population, cruelty and plan cleansing. The Belarusian memory of this comes not only from the school and official historical narrative. They remember it on a genetic level, from family messages. I have no reason to deny the authenticity of the excitement (after almost 80 years!) Participants of the ceremony in Chatin, a place of memorial to the lives burned by the Germans and the collaborators of 149 people, including 49 children, although no one of those present at the ceremony can remember those times. I was, I saw.
2593	36	The chatanic complex consists of the shocking monument of one of the inhabitants (Joseph Kamynski), who miraculously survived, found among the bodies of his son, who ran on his hands and symbolic 26 chambers from burned chats. There is also a symbolic “cemeteries of villages” burned by the Germans like Chatin – along with their inhabitants. 185 could.
2593	38	So they remember. The sacrifice of blood, persecution and murder of all the villages. They also remember the Belarusian partisan movement, the Belarusian soldiers of the multinational Soviet army, which saved them from the irreversible disappearance and the joy of victory. Memory formed over the years.
2593	40	I assure that it would really be difficult to convince a significant part of the Belarusians, regardless of their contemporary views, that the Second World War was caused by their grandparents and fathers, that they were occupants, murderers and rapists, that the dead might not deserve respect and gratitude. Not only because it is wrong, but also because it is an attempt to pull them out of the foot of one of the foundations of their society.
2593	42	Not that it is impossible. The history of propaganda knows not such brainwashing results on large groups of audience (Polish people are a good example of this). But it will not be easy, abstracing from the moral assessments of such actions. The trials will surely be lasting, because the desire to take Belarus out of the Russian influence is the wet dream of the West.
2593	45	The relations between Poland and Belarus are at a very low level. There are many mutual justified claims, uncomfortable wounds. Recently, the media the devastation of the power of Polish soldiers in Mikuliszk and Kaczyc. The Belarusian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that there were “military facilities and the places of the funeral of foreign soldiers were not registered.” It also added that Belarus “with a special petism goes to all the places of burial on our land” and recalled that only this year in Poland 30 acts of wandalism were recorded in respect of the memorial of gratitude to the people who gave their lives for the liberation of Poland from fascism, including the collective disappointment of 620 Soviet soldiers in Chrzowice.
2593	47	So we can turn this spiral of hatred and hatred against each other. The times are extremely favorable. We can also try ourselves, without intermediaries even to meet each other if we don’t understand. This will be a percentage in the future.
2596	1	Chernobyl was not the first. Moscow has hidden a terrible disaster for years.
2596	3	Russia has rotated cakes with gas. Does the atom help? What are the threats
2596	5	During the search for green sources of energy, we find the nuclear energy that has been dividing people into burning supporters and opponents for years. It is not known today that nuclear power plants, along with water plants, are the main source of low-carbon energy, while many people look at the first only through the prism of the disasters in Chernobyl and Fukushima. What is the balance of the advantages and disadvantages of the atom and should we really be afraid of this technology?
2596	7	Global warming caused mainly by high greenhouse gas emissions is progressing more and more and if we want to stop this process, the transformation into green energy sources seems an integral element.
2596	9	As long as the extract of energy from the sun, the wind or the river does not raise greater controversy, so the scattering of the nucleus of the atoms continues to burn to the redness of the crowds who don’t want to have anything to do with this technology, often without even deepening into a topic that really hides in itself the whole mass of interesting information.
2596	11	See also: How will global warming directly affect Poland?
2596	13	In the 1950s. In the 20th century, the world’s first nuclear power plant was built in the Soviet Oblynsk, and soon other countries such as France, Germany, the United States and the United Kingdom were equipped with similar installations. Although it may seem to be a relatively new technology, for example, the first wind farms appeared only a few decades later, in the early 1980s.
2596	15	Of course, the first reactors did not generate too much power, although this aspect improved from year to year, so today they produce about 10 percent of the world’s electricity. Of the green sources, only water power plants are preceding them in this regard.
2596	17	Currently, 440 reactors are deployed in 32 countries worldwide. The most energy is produced by the U.S., while the largest percentage of national energy is produced by nuclear power plants in France, which supply more than 70 percent of the total demand.
2596	19	See also: Small nuclear reactors and carbon blocks in Poland's Energy Policy
2596	21	One of the biggest advantages of nuclear energy is the almost total lack of emissions of any type of greenhouse gas. Small amounts of carbon dioxide will be produced during the construction of the power plant, while the nucleus disinfection itself does not cause any additional greenhouse gas production.
2596	23	In this way, this kind of energy recovery prevents even the photovoltaic or water power plants in terms of lower carbon emissions. Of course, all these methods strike on the head of the carbon and gas power plants, which are the most real mountains of our planet.
2596	25	Unlike other green sources, the atom is not dependent on the atmospheric conditions, so we have full control over the amount of energy produced. It is also worth adding that the whole process is accompanied by significantly less noise than in the case of wind turbines, so it is not harsh for the surrounding inhabitants.
2596	27	Nuclear power plants also produce small amounts of waste that practically do not exist compared to their carbon equivalents, as they are even hundreds of thousands of times less. It is also worth adding that storing such small amounts is not a significant problem for the authorities of the country.
2596	29	See also: Ranking of the most polluting power plants. Germany and Poland in front
2596	31	There are only two main defects of nuclear power plants - Chernobyl and Fukushima. Everything leads to the fact that a potential disaster can be unimaginably dangerous for all the organisms in the vicinity and leave traces for the next few decades.
2596	33	The Ukrainian Prypeć remains flooded until today, although almost 40 years have passed since the events in Chernobyl. The nearby Red Forest even in 2022 led to the death of a person in the polluted area.
2596	35	Smaller nuclear accidents were, of course, more than, for example, the years hidden by the Russians Kishtian catastrophe in 1957, which led to the deaths of hundreds of people, and the nearby Karachi Lake became the most polluted place on Earth.
2596	37	Although these two previously mentioned cases have been recorded in the memory of every one even a little interested in this topic and will surely accompany somewhere behind the head of everyone, especially those living near the nuclear power plant.
2596	39	It is worth adding that nuclear power plants are becoming more and more secure year by year and it is extremely unlikely that the tragic history of years ago will be repeated. Nevertheless, many people most commonly in the world want in the case of a heated to red atom to smoke to cold.
2597	1	Andrzej Duda ignores the current climate report. The wedding of Antka Królikovského
2597	3	On Monday, the Intergovernmental Team. The UN Climate Change (IPCC) has published an alarming report by 234 scientists from all over the world. We are on a collision course with the climate. By setting the current CO2 emission path, the most likely temperature rise is 2.7 ° C in 2100 So radical warming can threaten our civilization. Students call on global governments to take immediate action on the way to global zero-emission (the IPCC report’s findings can be read here).
2597	5	"The document did not pass without echo. The IPCC proposals were addressed by world leaders, among others. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, who spoke of ""the last bell for carbon and fossil fuels before their burning ultimately destroys our planet."""
2597	7	Meanwhile, the most important Polish politicians who are creating a discourse in the country have completely ignored the IPCC report. They had two days to do it.
2597	9	What happened at that time? Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki talked about the construction of roads, but he did not mention a word of the alarming document. This is not a big surprise. Morawiecki has since the beginning of his term been a “hamulc” of the solutions proposed by the European Union to introduce the so-called. The Green Boat. For a long time, we were the only country that did not sign the Declaration of Climate Neutrality by 2050.
2597	11	Peter is the State Treasure for Climate Change. “The fire is crazy around my house.”
2597	13	Exceptionally political active Donald Tusk recently assured that the years in the position of the President of the European Council made his views more progressive. He did not find time to spend 15 minutes. The problem of global warming. Instead, he was scared again.
2597	15	Tusk likes to refer to EU ideals, but obviously he did not notice that the climate policy is an absolute priority for Brussels. I just want to say to the Vice-President KO that the climate crisis is not the exclusive fault of PiS. For years, the PO-PSL governments have subsidized the coal industry, significantly depending on global CO2 emissions.
2597	17	"Andrei Dudy’s attitude seems scandalous, who since the publication of the alarming IPCC report has managed on his private Instagram account to congratulate the wedding of Joanne Opozde and Antoni Królikowski (written: “We congratulate you with Agata. Plurimos Annos! Happy days!” The death of the Russian dissident Sergey Kovaliov. He did not write a word about the climate. This should not be surprising, considering that Duda’s previous climate statements were based on anti-scientific claims. He said that this is not the man who is responsible for the temperature rise, ignoring the consensus of climate scientists. His adviser, Paul Salek, recently fled into conspiracy theories, saying that human impact on climate change is just ""concept in the media space."""
2597	19	"The Ministry of Climate has long delayed the publication of any comments on the IPCC report, although it should first hit the alarm. The resort, instead of fooling, was limited to a few-day statement that ""Poland, along with other European Union countries, is making significant efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions (...), and these actions are taken not only in the field of declaration, but also the legal framework, which is expressly published by the European Commission in July the Fit for 55 package."""
2597	21	Earlier there were voices that the Ministry of Climate was appointed to form the government’s facade actions for the protection of the environment. The political greewashing has found its confirmation. The Minister Kurtyka has no competence and power to beat the tables and call for an extraordinary session of the Sejm. His employees made only a few propaganda posts, ignoring the use of the phrase “IPCC” or “climate disaster”. There is no recognition of global warming.
2597	23	Only on Wednesday, two days after the publication of the IPCC, deputy Joanna Mucha (Poland 2050) took the topic of the report on the parliamentary speech, but by votes of members of the United Right, the Sejm rejected the request to postpone the #lexTVN meeting and instead the IPCC conversation.
2597	25	In the name of the Lewica on the climate mentioned Agnieszka Demianovich-Búk and Robert Biedron, but it also - from the perspective of progressive voters it seems far insufficient.
2597	27	If you care about the climate and don’t want to be like Duda and other politicians, engage in activist actions, because only they are able to force on passive policies any change.
2597	29	One of the biggest challenges is the International Climate Strike. It is an organization that wants to force the systemic change in Poland and the European Union as soon as possible, necessary to stop the climate disaster. They want to do this using the energy, the moral mandate and the scale of youth mobilization, which will be a growing consequence of comprehensive education on climate change. Another solution is to engage in the activity of other ecological movements. Both those worldwide such as Greenpeace, Extinction Rebellion, WWF, as well as local, nearby settlements. Remember that in the times of the deepening climate crisis, individual consumer choices (such as the reduction of plastic) are important but not enough. To stop global warming, international regulations are needed.
